We need to take a picture of them.

39:53 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
I don't think so. I didn't actually look. I know there's two more paddles. There's one right here. And we can just get away with re-wrapping ductwork upstairs. This is right above you. It's something living. It makes sense to move this. What we decide with the layout up here. If it made sense to have it coming from the beach. It takes a shower by the end of it. It's done, but maybe the 50 gallon is enough in the main house. That's perfect. We can use this door, sprinkler door. A little old, a little beat up, but What's that? Another laundry room. On top of that, and building it up.

40:47 - Unidentified Speaker
I know. I really do. But there would be a crazy line. That's a 50-gallon. Maybe it is. We have a 40-gallon. The only thing that I was thinking was Are we doing something with the HVAC?

41:18 - Unidentified Speaker
I'm hoping not. We could never even go upstairs.

41:25 - Unidentified Speaker
We can feel that.

41:27 - Unidentified Speaker
You guys come down here whenever.

41:28 - Unidentified Speaker
I'm, I'm, I'm kind of able.

41:44 - Unidentified Speaker
I can see this is fed from the street. All of, uh, we were told we're here.

41:49 - Unidentified Speaker
We've got the house inspection guy coming at one.

41:52 - Unidentified Speaker
So I mean two.

41:54 - Unidentified Speaker
And we'll be back together later.

42:04 - Unidentified Speaker
So there's a, I'd rather not, but for down here, really, it was just other than just reconfiguring the ductwork upstairs.

42:16 - Unidentified Speaker
You think it's enough? What we have here. Once they'll be here, they can check it.

42:22 - Unidentified Speaker
So this is, this is the main panel.

42:26 - Unidentified Speaker
I am hoping that all the units are in good.

42:34 - Unidentified Speaker
I can bring my HVAC guy just to check everything, you know. I don't think you need to do anything.

42:56 - Unidentified Speaker
That's new. That's newer. Unfortunately, we might be living here for a little bit while the renovation is going on. There are a couple of electrical panels.

43:10 - Unidentified Speaker
We're not touching anything here.

43:11 - Unidentified Speaker
So right now, nothing down here?

43:13 - Unidentified Speaker
All the money on the PAIs and stuff like that. You know the prices. You know how expensive it is.

43:20 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
It is three zones. I believe there's a little unit for the master bedroom and then two... Another unit over here. They look to be all not terrible, terrible. Again, not knowing how this was built, my guess is that we're just putting Joyce, you can't get, there's another exit out of here into the garage. So we could have... Okay. I like mine because it looks good. Yeah, it looks good. And we'll probably do five buckets.

44:04 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
I think it's five buckets. No, I feel like five because we go, but... It looks good.

44:09 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
I was sort of hoping... Yeah.

44:13 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
That thing has a tin roof. We'll wait for this thing. If we're not doing anything, it's looking at like you have available Okay, if we don't need to do enough to make sure that everything is good, but I'm sure you know that The only good thing is but when we're talking about upstairs, I just don't love Okay I don't care about There's another unit over here Unless there's some reason that it makes sense to take out the lower framing I would love to spend...

45:00 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Out here, part of me would love to just extend that roof line over to make this covered patio That roof line instead of this thing 1962 tin shed. But again, that door goes away, goes away where the bay window is, which I didn't realize there was a window there, so that might be changing that around a little bit. But then this area where the dining room is would be hopefully just, it's just so quiet. Ideally it would be an awesome to have a folding wall. If it's cost prohibitive then maybe it's two sets of sliders.

45:52 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
It depends which kind you want. I have an amazing vendor that do that. It depends which one. You can buy one in 40 but you can do something that not foldable or Or it's just it's it's accordion folding sliding It will be much cheaper much cheaper But I'll give you the options. Okay, we price. Yeah, we price labor materials you pay So it's easy. I can tell you the foldable cost. I don't know 15 20 depends on the size, but it's not that big and it's not that tall Exactly. It's not that big. That's what I'm saying. You don't have to pay for that 40 and This I forgot HVAC wise.

46:40 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, I would probably I'd probably love it if those didn't look there.

46:44 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Don't move them?

46:49 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
I'll cut out some bushes and put them just not on it.

46:52 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
It doesn't matter, but not here.

46:57 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
So this is, this is, I believe, where's the other one? I forget. I think this, I think the small one was when they did this addition. So the master bedroom was an addition in the, Late 60s, early 70s, I forget. Condenser here and I forget where the other condenser is. There's three condensers.

47:30 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
You want like a wood patio over here or what are you thinking?

47:36 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Door for now. I think our plan for now is we were going to leave the concrete and probably just do a soft wash and a pressure wash and just clean it up. And then just do stairs out for now. And leave everything because the patio is already got drains in it.