It's just a little bit different on the scope, but we're good.

18:20 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
So, you know, a couple of decent sized bedrooms. A private bathroom.

18:25 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, that's why.

18:39 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
it's small a little bit that's what I'm saying just a little bit small you know I don't think I have one big where I was like you know what just strip everything down to the studs so that way we can just clean up the wiring okay we don't need these trays if you put something nice okay but I wouldn't recommend that if we got to move anything and then reshot uh re-sheet rocket because um again another sunny bathroom just at the corner shower okay put the money when it's needed okay I like it The inspection is going to tell me if I have to replace them or not. I don't care if it's in the walls necessarily. All of the AC units are in the basement and they're feeding up within the walls. Yeah, closet in each room.

20:04 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
I will have to see the inspection report once I get it, okay? Yeah, yeah, absolutely, you can share that. It will be easier for me to see if there's any issues that we need to address. Peel and stick on it. I mean, the whole room is... Yeah, I can see. So, our... People will take out all the electricity. And that's expensive. So I have a question. Why not to do like inside the bedroom?

20:39 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
That's what I thought. And then you get a couple, a couple more feet in that room.

20:44 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Which is in the bed.

20:45 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Or one on one.

20:47 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
I didn't think about that.

20:49 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
We can switch, you know, we can switch.

20:51 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
It's just a little bit different on the scope, but we're good.

20:56 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
you know, a couple of decent sized bedrooms.

20:58 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
I'm going to do one-on-one and then you can play with it. It doesn't matter. That's a good idea. And then you won't have to move that. With the shower, because you can... That's it? So we have one suite. One suite, and then... Yes. Then one... Yeah, you can make it damaged. We can replace all the outlets, that everything will look the same. Okay, I don't want to waste your time do whatever necessary it doesn't So I would close that exactly and So then it will be a little bit bigger and basically because We can take also the walk-in closet and then it will be bigger. Basically, because we have also the laundry room, we can make them fit. And one who will do the shower. Okay, and a closet like that.

22:14 - Unidentified Speaker
So that's what I was thinking. Take this, remove everything. Down a little bit.

22:24 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Whatever we need GFIs we will put GFIs but we can change it. I think that's a good idea. Talk about it if you want to do it. It's definitely a possibility and it will look good. If you have all this space it will look different.

22:44 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
And then I was still Could we make it so it's still accessible from the corridor?

22:48 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
I believe so, yes.

22:54 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
That way, if one of the girls doesn't get it as their bedroom, at least there's two bathrooms in the corridor that can come from their rooms and in.

23:03 - Unidentified Speaker
We can do a pocket door, so it will be seamless.

23:12 - Unidentified Speaker
You're a silly person, but it has so much potential.

23:16 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, it's got a lot of potential.

23:17 - Unidentified Speaker
You have a good eye.

23:19 - Unidentified Speaker
I've lived in Hoboken for over 20 years.

23:23 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
My wife's been there with me for 13. And when we were looking out, we actually had an offer on a house that we were going to redo, and the sellers were very, very...

23:34 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Both of you, that's awesome.

23:37 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
You know, we were... We lived for one or two years.

23:39 - Unidentified Speaker
option for here, also over there.

23:42 - Unidentified Speaker
I want a place in all the floors.

23:45 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
I think, I think we can do something nice.

23:48 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
I love it. Three kids isn't the best idea. We bought this house. Not so happy. So we walked away from it. And then I was like, you know what? Maybe a renovation was listed in, in February, March. Um, and I was like, you know what? Just let's just give it, let's just forget Yeah, we're gonna sell that we don't close on this one till mid-january Okay, so it gives us a little bit of time to get ducks in a row and then we're gonna sell that one probably so timeline is gonna be critical because So because you know back and forth with the designer what you want to see and you know about us a little bit well I know about you we looked you up we had the call with ari um victoria and jill told us about you guys so I'm in construction as well okay what do you do uh I own a commercial general contractor in the city small small company okay um so I've been doing it for 25 years. I know construction. My wife and I pretty much know what we want for aesthetics as far as look and feel. Do I know what bathroom towels I want on the floor right now? But we'll be fast making decisions. We don't whiff a waffle. So you're definitely starting looking at I may end up just buying it for myself because I can go to Mohawk and all these... And I, like, was thinking about doing the engineering for guys and just buy it.