I don't know if I'm going to do that or not yet, but I might be able to get it at cost and then just give you the material.

25:51 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
I'm okay with it.

25:52 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Like, I'm not going to buy it for my company because I'll save on taxes too.

25:56 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
The only thing about that, that if you are buying, if something happens, I'm fine with it.

26:25 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Whatever will help you guys. And obviously I understand too, right? If I'm buying the material, I'll own the warranty on the material, but you'll own the warranty on the insulation. So if you guys are cool with that, there may be some things that I do that with.

26:38 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
I'm fine with it.

26:39 - Unidentified Speaker
And I might take a decision on that.

26:42 - Unidentified Speaker
And to be honest with you, I do this every day in and day out.

26:49 - Unidentified Speaker
I don't want to do it on my own house.

26:52 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
No, no, I really do. Could I do this by myself? I don't have the time. Do I want to do it by myself? Do I want to do it?

27:00 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Because probably it will take longer if you don't do it here. Yeah, yeah, I know.

27:04 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
I don't have the time to do it, but yeah. But it's good that you're in the industry.

27:12 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
I think it will help you. Okay, so because we're moving everything and we don't need the laundry room, what I thought is to connect this bathroom with this one. And then you will have a suite. And then we can move. The entrance of this room. Move this whole wall to here. Exactly, like that.

27:51 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Put the entrance here with an alcove in this room. So this bedroom gets the alcove taken away.

27:57 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
Okay, because it's wasted space. It's got to be a closet.

28:01 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
And then this room will be bigger because it's a little bit more right now. So you have all this area. And we want to do two doors.

28:10 - Unidentified Speaker
One from here, one from the hallway.

28:16 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, perfect.

28:18 - Unidentified Speaker
It is.

28:19 - Unidentified Speaker
It's going to be so beautiful.

28:22 - Unidentified Speaker
I believe we can do that once we'll reconfigure this whole area.

28:33 - Unidentified Speaker
Be able to put a tub here, just walk in shower, but I'm assuming that's... As long as one has a tub, I don't care. We'll decide how to do it. What's the best way. We might not And I'm assuming all lights?

28:47 - Unidentified Speaker
All lights, yeah.

28:49 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
Did you talk about going up or no? We talked about it briefly. Just like seeing what's possible.

28:56 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Okay, regarding doors, I know windows, we're not replacing anything here.

29:00 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
We just enabled some...

29:03 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Let's see what the... We're probably not replacing the windows right now.

29:10 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
I think it will be expensive You know that? And it looks good for a salad. It doesn't look, and we're gonna paint everything and make it look better.

29:22 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
And I hate the rounded trim.

29:26 - Unidentified Speaker
On all the doors and the windows, I hate the rounded trim.

29:30 - Unidentified Speaker
Well, that will be a debate.

29:31 - Unidentified Speaker
We'll settle separately.

29:32 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
I can also take that off and just ship it to you. Yeah, we can remove that.

29:37 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
We can remove that. But I wouldn't advise to replace all the windows. You know windows prices, so I don't need to tell you that. It's so expensive. Yes, it's so expensive. And once it just feels brighter, that's all. I think the main thing is to spend money there. I have great discounts. I'm going to send you some for the doors and the windows at the front, where's the dining room. And we need options, so you'll see what will be like in different projects.

30:08 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
I would say the only other thing in terms of the exterior, you have like custom drapery, you know, like you can judge it up. For right now, there's something about this entrance that just feels sort of flat to me.

30:34 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
let's go inside just to like make it a little more but then you will need to touch the roof no I mean like tack it onto the roof oh okay we're gonna we'll find out today the roof has got some spots in it that don't look so good I'm gonna have to touch the roof anyway when we remove the fireplace okay that corner fireplace so I'm gonna have some roof patching to do no matter what yeah but it's only a patching yeah yeah it's not the same And we did it already.

31:03 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
We know how to do it, you know. We did it on the south end of the project just now. We know this. We've known this.

31:13 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Throw some three-tab shingles up there, and you move on. But if the inspection comes back and says the roof is shot, it was only done, it was probably done somewhere maybe between eight to 10 years ago.