Participant 2: Good morning. How are you? Sorry about that.\nParticipant 3: I'm good. I'm good. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Yeah, that doorbell sometimes is like in the cold weather, you click it and then three minutes later.\nParticipant 2: It's okay. I thought you were not here. So I said I'll wait in the car because it's so cold. Oh, right, right, right.\nParticipant 3: Sorry about that.\nParticipant 2: Yeah, it's okay.\nParticipant 3: This is okay. My husband is also at home.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Okay.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Perfect.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Okay.\nParticipant 1: Thank you so much for having me.\nParticipant 2: How are you? Good, I'm good.\nParticipant 1: Come on in. Sorry, it's a little messy. We are packing everything right now.\nParticipant 2: It's okay. Do you want me to take off my shoes? No, you don't have to. So you live here?\nParticipant 1: We live here, yeah.\nParticipant 2: Okay. I thought you're not moving in.\nParticipant 1: So we are...\nParticipant 3: Uh, we, we lived here for about four years. Okay. And then when we do the renovation, we're going to move out completely. So we can do everything. And we are, we're already packing, so. Okay.\nParticipant 2: So I saw the plan. Thank you so much for sending that. So you both are an architect.\nParticipant 1: Yeah.\nParticipant 2: Oh, that's nice. It's your office? No, different office.\nParticipant 1: I work for a residential building, she works for a hospital. Oh, nice.\nParticipant 3: Healthcare.\nParticipant 3: Healthcare, yeah.\nParticipant 2: Nice, very nice. So I see the map of details and that's good. Oh, thank you so much. And I saw everything on the plans. Thank you. He's going to grab the laptop. OK. So basically, if I understand correctly, taking everything out. Interior. Yes, interior. Yeah. Full gut, full hole, two floors. I don't know what's going on in the basement.\nParticipant 3: It's the same.\nParticipant 1: It's the same.\nParticipant 2: Okay, so you have walls over there and everything? Yes. Okay, got it. And new flooring and new everything? Yes. So you have four bathrooms, one kitchen, right?\nParticipant 3: Two kitchens.\nParticipant 2: Two kitchens, sorry.\nParticipant 3: Two family homes, so the entire second floor is one unit.\nParticipant 2: One unit.\nParticipant 3: One kitchen, two bathrooms, two beds. One bathroom is new, brand new, and another bathroom is existing, but it remains approximately the same location, but the layout has changed. And then the first floor is two-bedroom, one-bathroom. The bathroom is there, it still remains around there. It's also the layout has changed a bit. And then the basement has one bathroom.\nParticipant 1: Yeah, so basically we have a new, simple plan right now. We're not just keeping it over here. The first floor is here. Previously, it was here. We will move to the middle of the house. And this portion is going to be a bedroom. And here is going to be a living room. I think originally, we had it over here. And as you can see, we have a beam over here. Previously, we had a room. That's the bedroom.

 But the previous owner just swapped that.\nParticipant 2: So we are flipping it. Yeah, flipping back.\nParticipant 1: Uh, you know, the bathroom is getting slightly bigger. Okay.\nParticipant 2: But it's staying in the same location?\nParticipant 1: Basically the same location, yeah. Okay. This is a new bathroom.\nParticipant 2: Okay.\nParticipant 1: And, you know, also the kitchen moved, so it was here, moved to the middle.\nParticipant 2: Are we doing also the second bathroom? No, we don't have the second bathroom. No, but this one existing, but we are doing that as well. Okay. Okay. We're not leaving anything.\nParticipant 3: Okay.\nParticipant 2: Even if it's existing, we're doing a new one. That's the idea. Okay.\nParticipant 1: All the boards can be removed and have a new one over here. Yeah. Yeah. And also on the, on the basement, the same thing here, you know, um, you have a bathroom over here, but right now we are going to move That's this portion. So this is a brand new bathroom over here. And then previously, we have a sink and also several kitchen cabinets over here. Those are going to be removed. And then there's going to be a new heat pump, hot water heater.

 Previously, we had a mechanical room at this portion. That's going to be totally removed. Right now, it's a boiler, hot water heater. All of them are gas-based. Those are going to be removed and replaced by an electrical base.\nParticipant 2: Yes, okay. Yeah, I saw that also. I saw that also. Yeah. So you checked about the walls, I'm assuming, because you are both an architect, so you checked what you can move and what's not?\nParticipant 1: We have a drawing, a structural drawing already. Yeah. Down there. So the engineer gave us some drawing over here, and we need to do some, you know, basically on basement, we need to do some trench, trench work. We have a new footing for this, this, and this. These are three new posts. We need a trench for the footing for these three new posts. And also we need two new beams. This is a W beam. Sorry, this is a basement plan here.

 You can see one, two, three.\nParticipant 1: There's a three-two beam over here.\nParticipant 1: And then this is the old tower portion. So these two are already removed. And here it's going to be replaced to a W beam over here, and here's another W beam over here. And then on the first floor, you know, we have...\nParticipant 3: The one he sent through email is the latest. Yeah, yeah.\nParticipant 1: Yes, yes, yes. So here, this one is a new beam over here, and that's going to be, this one moved, so that's going to be a new low-bearing wall. And here, you know, the same as the one over here, it's going to be a low-bearing wall.