Uh this whole side yeah which will there's a walk-in closet there which will be permanently sealed shut from here so it'll be a wall here into the primary bedroom so this is the south corner we are going to use this as our primary bedroom the closet there and then it will open up from here okay from this yeah from here this is a very tiny bathroom it's supposed to be a guest bathroom okay that will be extended into this closet which will again become a wall so that will go inside.

 So then this will go into the bathroom. So we're going to break that down and it'll go right in. Luckily all the plumbing is on that side so you don't have plumbing issues. It'll just be a really more structural, we'll try to make it a bigger bathroom. A more aesthetic improvement by breaking this wall and bringing it over. This will be the primary bathroom and this whole thing will be a primary en-suite kind of thing.

 It will be a closure here so nobody goes there. That's totally his and her primary bedroom. Of course the closet tailored layout, maybe we will elevate this part and bring it here. It will have to be redone into a more generous or just create a very big roomy closet. Perfectly structured that will be part of Construction design. Okay. It'll be only a residence. You guys a full-time. We are going to yeah, we've just moved it.

 Oh, it's been a week.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Oh, really?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Where were you before?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Downstairs. Same building? Yeah. Then we moved up because we have this.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: You've got a better view. I can see Greenpoint.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: In the winter, it's going to get dark really fast. Because of course.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: All of you know what I'm dreading.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Wait till you see it, but let's finish this. Let's finish. Okay, so, outside is done. Now, this, you want to make it into this hole. No, you know that the best one is that room. No, you know that the best one is that room. Outside is done. Now, this, you want to make it into this hole. Do you like it? Sorry, we need to get rid of it. Can we get rid of it? I was thinking of doing a coffee station. Yeah, for sure.

 And wine bar, something like that.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Take that.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: I think at a minimum, I want to change the hinges out so you can have soft close hinges.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Oh, I do. Okay, that's good. Can we do that?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: I can get a price for it. When you enter, you see it first, yeah? So we're doing two.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: I'm sure it'll come out.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Okay, so we're changing the backsplash, we're going to darken the floors. So my goal, the goal for that, I really want to create a beautiful, elegant, but light. We are going to, yeah, we've just moved in. It's gonna get dark really fast, because of course, ooh, yeah. All of you know what I'm dreading? It's big, so I'm just wondering, like, I don't want to actually dark out.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: You know what I think you'll get, though, is all the buildings will be lit up. I mean, it's the afternoon right now.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Now we move on to, this was supposed to be a gorgeous room. You know, when you want it, you'll not find it. Would be warm and cozy. The goal for this, this is the problem, and this lights up in the night because it's supposed to be light.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: I also don't like this lightness.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Beautiful marble, you know, like a marble top, you know, the classic. We maybe choose a marble and then have something match that. We are totally making soft foot.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Yeah, let's do that.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Totally.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: I'd like, if we leave the cabinets, maybe leave it like that, coordinating to everything around it. Like, downstairs, while we're in. Oh, okay, you like the building. Then we move that to this room. Do you know what I mean?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Yeah.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: So I'm wondering what should we do with it. You know, for now, leave the cabinets as is, but we'll see. Okay. Or when we get to it, if you can understand the real text, it won't be a problem.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, we'll get to it. In the kitchen, Continued wood flooring.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Also we will be doing some aesthetic changes to the bedroom. And the lack of light during the latter part of the hour.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Marble or whatever.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Full marble.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: So like that. Or I have more. Not sleeping because it's too charged up. Someone told us that this room is like the north side of your house. Bedroom, office, prayer, meditation. And it has a lot of good energy. And you should use it for... Even though the room is so tiny, it feels very grounding. Like, it feels... The south is a little ideal for a calm... Okay, so that is being converted into that.

 But the main mod will be to break this partially down like so and take it into the closet feels comforting this feels too charged up like frankly it's great uh because this is going to become the guest bedroom okay so guess even though Even though the room is so tiny, it feels very grounding. I do a lot of that.