Prayer meditation.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Keeps you healthy too.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Yeah, something like that.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: It's like a prayer meditation room. Office plus office there. And then have an opening here. Make it big. Make it a walk-in for him.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Yeah, and a cabinet.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Here, we could do the door into the walk-in closet here. Yeah, yeah, that's where we want it, not here. Not here.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Because we have this. We've got a better view, I can see Greenpoint.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: You've got a view, you've got the prize. Lovely.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Oh, we've got the prize.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Oh, wow, you've got a good view here. Exactly. When we think about doing a walk-in closet here, though, we could...
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: See, it's only an aesthetic... The plumbing in the wall. Yeah. Oh.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: You know what I mean? Because why I say this, is if you look in here, what's likely in this wall here is what's called a rise.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Uh, yeah.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: And the marble, you want like a lighter marble, right? Yeah. Oh, really?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: That's great.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Did a pretty decent job setting it up.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Oh, cool. Where were you before? Maybe worried about the plumbing. Yeah. Yeah.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: And pray and meditate and whatever. I don't know if you guys do that, but whatever.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Yeah. Do you envision any structural changes in this room?
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: I would do something about that flooring. I hate that flooring. Hate it. Thank you.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: I'm glad we're on the same page. I think like the rest, like, I don't know, it'll be coming.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: I don't want to drive in this space and I want to let the light flow in which is a main pipe that feeds the entire building so we're gonna have a guest bed so we're gonna do a pull-out sofa situation yeah yeah and this will definitely modify space to create like a huge closet this could be hidden closet you saw design shows and they all have I think we should be somewhere in this wall.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: And there's likely a drain as well. Again, very nice.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: I have a picture which I saw in one of the showrooms. This room is to keep it light, airy, but inviting.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Exactly. Okay.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: So, that's why it's like, yeah. Yeah, so that's just, we have to do that.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Part of both of those... Amazing.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Like, do one of your... There are husbands who are like, do whatever you want. My sister's husband. He can't just not be involved. I wish I had a husband. No way, that'll be pink in the house. Okay. You should be excited.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: It's fun. Yeah. Oh yeah, totally.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: And then there are the movable parts.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: We want to reconfigure our closet, we want to reconfigure the entrance, we want to reconfigure the bathroom. So this is 10 minutes from here. You can come to our office.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Yeah, we'll do the proposal. We'll do that. Where exactly? But you don't go into as far as recommendations. Design the closets, design the... Any other small seating areas around, like we can help you do some...
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Like what I like to say is a movable and non-movable.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Okay. And then the construction... He wants to be involved. Our office actually fits what a future design layout is.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: And in this case, we do want to reconfigure. You do spatial reconfigurations, which we are doing here. The problem is that I want to do a vanity here.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Yeah, we'd love to.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: And this is a nice project where we've done a lot of work in the area.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Have you renovated before Want to design this space where we are thinking is also part of my No, I mean There are people that will not buy an apartment if they're a family if it doesn't have a top I don't like the way this looks right now.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: No, no, no, no.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: So we can probably do like maybe, like look. When you say 10.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: 7, 7, 7 And that's all I want to consider because I'm not staying here forever.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Interior design is not something we usually do.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Is this a washer dryer in the back?
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: I want to see this wood panel.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: And in this case, we do want to reconfigure. You do spatial reconfigurations, which we are doing here.