Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Hi, good morning, Ramal.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Hi, I'm Ravit. Nice to meet you.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 5: Hi, good morning.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Do you want me to take off my shoes?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: Yeah.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: What's your name? Vidya. Vidya. Yeah, that's a nice name.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Hi, you guys.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Thank you for having me.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Where am I coming from\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Now what we're going to do is we're going to So, show me. What do you want to do? Okay. 16 by 28. Okay, and I understand We have architect plans already, so... Not architect plans.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: It's just rough plan.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: We have a plan working on...\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Yes, please. So it's not architect plans, but you got the pool, you did everything you checked with zoning. Yes. Okay, perfect. So you can do that?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: Yes. Okay. So because being that this is a community, meaning that we have a HOA, so we need to obtain approval. We are in the process of getting the approvals and stuff.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: For HOA? For HOA, yes. So the zoning did give us like an informal approval, yes. But he wants, like before the zoning permit application, he wants the HOA approval.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Yes, of course.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: But we did show him the diagram and he did say an informal approval based on the feedbacks and things so that we can go to the HOA.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: No, no, no. Already we have an architect. This is our overall site plan.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Okay. You see here?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: Yes. This is where our existing mat is. Yes. This room. So we are adding this. And this. Okay. On the first floor. Okay.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: On the top floor, we are adding just another. This part. This part. Primary bedroom. Actually, this is our primary bedroom right now. Okay. So we kind of want this to be another bedroom and then make this whole extension part to be our primary now.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Okay, and this is a closet? Yeah.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: And the bathroom will be shared? No, the bathroom is already part, this is a master bathroom. So the master bathroom will remain part of the master bedroom, the new one. So entrance... You see the entrance here? Yes, the entrance is over here. Right now the entrance is over here. So we're making it. There is a common bathroom here which could be used for this bathroom.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: So one, two, three rooms will use one room, one bathroom. We use this bathroom. And then on the face.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: This is our current master closet.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Okay.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Which we have our laundry room in this place right now, bottom. So we just want to move that right across on top of this, which is on a master closet. So.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Okay, I got it.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: So we're just moving the washer-dryer to our existing master closet because our master closet is going to move over there.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: So basically here we don't need to do anything because the entrance is already here.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: The entrance is on this plate so it will just go on. We just need to move. Yeah, need to move.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: That's it. So it's going to be here and this is your master bedroom. Correct. Future master bedroom.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Correct. And then just some slight modifications inside the bathroom. We have a tap venting. We want to get rid of the tub then we want to make it as a full stand in shower kind of thing.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: So just to replace the whole shower then?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Yeah, we have right now tub and shower. We just want to extend the shower part kind of thing. We want to remove the tub and convert it into a stand in shower.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: We need to change all the fixtures and the plumbing.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Exactly. So we are not changing the configuration of the bathroom but just we are going to modify the bathroom inside kind of thing.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: But if you are doing that it's better to do the full bathroom, you know. Yeah, just to replace all the sides, everything.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Yeah, definitely.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: But you're not kind of changing the layout of the bathroom. Yeah, yeah. But full gas for here. Yeah. And then the common bathroom, right, so it has a tub. We just want to remove the tub and put a family shower there. Because we have, our parents are old, so they It becomes hard for them for the...\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Okay, I would like to see.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Yeah, yeah. Okay, and over here, just two rooms.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: This one, yeah, this one is the first floor. So over here, if you see, this is our chimney. So we're trying to get rid of the chimney over here. Really? Yeah. You don't have to. It's actually manual fireplace. Okay. So we kind of...