Technology.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: From your perspective, can you start something like that?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yes. To start, we can start, but we will need to work on the design. If you'll be fast, it will go fast.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: We are fast. We are both IT architects.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: So you are architects?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: Architect means not a building architect, IT architect.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Oh, IT architect. It's even better, I think. Both of you? Yeah. Wow, that's amazing. How did you meet? A long time ago. When you studied? During?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: No. Oh, OK.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: It was an arranged marriage.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Oh, OK.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: OK. Sit, sit, sit. Thank you.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: So first note that you have all the reports.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Yes.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Right?\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Yes.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: you know, 16 by 28 what we are planning.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Yes.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: Is this something that can sense the 16 by 28 from the outer surface and can you take one thing that can attach here?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: No. No. That can't be done. No.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: So that you know what we are going to do. You know, right?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yes, I know.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: But one question we had is not a table, right? Can we, when we are in the design phase. Yes. Can you show us some 3D print? Yes. How does it look like,\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yeah, of course. That's part of our services. Okay. Once you pick your materials, let's say for the bathroom, your bathroom, okay? The glass door, the fixtures, you will see exactly how it looks. Okay. Okay? Let me see if I have something that I can show you, okay? And then, But, let's see.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: No, because that's the thing, like, we are, two, three things, like, what we are, like, kind of confused is, like, to keep the dining area here itself, or to move the dining area, because the other question that comes is, if we move the dining area here, what would we utilize this whole space then for? Because that is another question. Right because we are having a living room here and then if the dining moves there this whole space is like an empty space right now then yes so what would be that's why we were kind of like we are in double kind of thing you don't know what to do should we move the dining area or keep the dining area here and probably extend the kitchen more further kind of thing like in the sense like have more cabinets and other places in that side kind of\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yes, I understand what you're saying, but so that one that that's the thing, right?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Like he architecture can give you only at a certain construction part, but then we like to see it. How it's going to look for us in case like the 3D renderings would be a better option for us to visualize it.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: No, I know, but there are a couple of things we can show you the bathroom. We're doing but basically on this room we're not doing anything you don't have anything yeah okay so we can't do rendering for the whole house rendering for the whole house will cost additional money and a lot because it's a lot of work to do it I'm gonna show you how it looks and then you understand why but give me a second I'm gonna show you for example what we did different project, and then you can understand the idea.

 It's just specific rooms that we can do it, but we can't do it for the full floor. OK?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: Also, did you calculate the cost for this?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: I forgot to tell you.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: No. As long as I told her that we wanted to change the hardwood.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: Are you going to add in that report?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yes, I'm going to add also flooring for the full floor.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: How do you get that? The flooring separately in your report, the flooring alone?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: I take the measurements, the square foot for the full first floor with addition of 900 square foot and then, yes, and then I do the calculation how much it cost me to do the installation.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah, she took full.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yes, yes, I took it. Okay, okay. Upstairs, the floors, just here.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: The new bedrooms?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yeah, obviously. Yeah, obviously. I'm talking about the existing ones. The other bedrooms?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: No, we're not doing anything for that.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Look, for example, this is rendering for a bathroom we just finished. Oh, OK. OK. So they have two options we're giving them. Either like that or like that. Here, we don't have a pencil at the top.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Oh, OK. Got it.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: and then you choose what you like,\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Okay. Okay.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: This is the shower. And then based on what you choose, we create a materialist.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Understood. Okay.