Do you have a budget in mind for this renovation? What did you think about that? Did you get any proposals?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: We got multiple proposals, but we want to kind of stay below 190, 200 mark kind of thing.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: With the materials or without the materials?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: With the materials. We don't want to go too high.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: No, I understand that. But extension is expensive. I'm going to price it.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Because we are trying to analyze what would be, because different people are giving different opinions. So we are still in the analyzing phase of what would be the budget of this kind of project.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: But you got a proposal less than 200?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Not less than 200. We are kind of getting proposals in that range kind of thing. So we even got for 300 also.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yes.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Because we're not touching any of these things.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yes.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: So this is the other bathroom which I was talking about.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yes, I'm coming to see it in a second. I'll scan that, and then, okay. The big rooms. Yeah. Wow, that's amazing. How many children you have? Two.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Two.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Six and\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Six and 12.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Oh, nice.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Yeah. One is almost ready.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Okay.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: This one, we just want to convert that tub to a shower kind of thing.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Okay. So you don't want to touch the floors?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: No, these are all recently done. We just want to kind of just modify that part.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Okay.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Yeah.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Because this is our only common bath. So, which would be used by the three bedrooms right now. So. Okay. Yeah and some kind of plan over here like would it be like this is a place like the concept place they have given us but ultimately it's of no use kind of thing it's a small space where she's able to go now but she'll not be able to go if she grows a bit tall kind of thing.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yeah just for storage maybe.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Yeah so we were we were thinking probably kind of get rid of this wall and probably manage will he put some shelves or something instead like like a storage kind of stelves.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Okay.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: And make it like a computer room or like study room.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yeah, study room. Maybe TV or something.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: No, like library kind of thing. Yeah. Have like a den kind of thing instead.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: That will be, I think, a better use once you close down.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Have a bedroom, yes. Yeah, that's what we want. Exactly.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Let's see that it scanned okay. Now I have four plants. Okay, I'll take a couple of pictures here. Yeah.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Mahu?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Mahu? Huh? Oh, yeah, yeah.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Any paint job, something?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: We were planning to paint the whole house as a part of this. It's a long pending deal but when we're doing this we thought everything together so that we don't need to touch it again. Okay. And flooring is one thing which we wanted to even do.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: For the whole first floor? Yes. Okay. That it will be compatible to the new...\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Yeah, no, the thing is this is engineered hardwood.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Okay.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: And we want to, and this is tiles and top of this we put the vinyl basically. But we want to create of everything and make everything as hardwood, like a single flow kind of thing.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yes, but throughout?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Throughout, with the new one, yeah.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Okay, okay.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: She did the planning.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: I'm going to show you, yeah. You see? Oh wow, how is that going? It's an amazing software. I'm going to show you once I'm finished. I told her I'd rather have it now so when I go back to the office I can work on it until you send me.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Yes, I can send it to you also Yes, it's unbelievable, right Yes, it's unbelievable Yes, it's an app I'll show you in a second just when You see it's like It's doing 3D.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: Oh, wow.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: It takes the dimensions and everything.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: That's why I got the right people and right company to work on my project. So you're based out of New York?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: I live in New York, but we have an office in Englewood. And I have a lot of projects all around, so I'm traveling all day.