Okay.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: But this is the rendering.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: But that is for the if the walls are present and if you want to change, like you can do that for the both the bathrooms because you're just changing the laundry room to the bathroom.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yes, we're doing that in the laundry room. Don't have a lot because it's a laundry room. But for the bathroom, once you choose, you will get the mood board first. Mood board will show you materials, which one you like, Once you pick it, the next step will be rendering. We're doing one rendering. Once you choose what you like, And then you can see it and visualize it.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: Our community, the siding, the roof, Glass has to remain intact. That is the requirement, number one.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yeah, because it's a community, yes.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: The current washer-dryer room, do you think that space is enough for a bathroom?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: I think it's a little bit small if you do a full bathroom. It's going to be a small... I'm leaving my... Yes, I can show you.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: Yes, I think you will need to, let's see. So we have, this is the bar. Okay, it's 42 square foot. Okay, so let's think about it.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Let's say we don't have the window, okay? So we'll have toilet and vanity here. And yes, but if we don't have the window, it will be a little bit, you don't need like full shower all the way. It will be too big. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So we can do something else or to do the shower like that and then put a big window at the top. Okay. Okay. And then you will have toilet and... Understood. Sorry, toilet and vanity.

 Got it.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: That will be... But the door open will be?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: We can do a sliding door, like a pocket door. Okay. Okay. Then you will not need that.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Okay. Or we can move this door to the outside.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yes, you can do that. That will be cheaper.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Yeah.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: That will be cheaper. Yeah. If you put the vanity here, you can still close it.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: But the only thing is like, because this is inside, because this is outside, so they made this inside, I probably think. But if this is going to go away. Exactly, you can do that outside.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yeah. And then you can do that.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: The only reason is, if anything is like moving this here, then this entire thing has to kind of re-populate and I don't want to touch that. Don't touch it.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yeah, it will be too much.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Yeah, and you have a budget because this anyways for the bathroom We need to change the kind of window. So exactly this window we can reuse for the other part of the house And we can put long so we can have light. Yeah, or we can do the shower this way I mean we can reconfigure the window based on the shower space kind of yes But I think like that shower like that.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: It's big and nice you can do also a bench inside the shower shower I think a shower there and the toilet in that place and the vanity over here should also be good yes whatever this is something that you will work with a designer that's what I said and she will tell you this is better for you do that she will give you the recommendation it's your choice okay any questions before I'm leaving not What is the difference in the size of the bathroom?

\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Let's see.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: talking about our blockers, our S-pass blockers, impact of shortages, and M-kit?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 5: Yeah, so we have, I think, one is the DS4 charter, which is this test, and we do have some labs for our So the bathroom is 50, and yours is 66.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Understood, okay.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: So 50, but it's kind of a rectangle over there in that bathroom.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yes, it's bigger. It's a little bit bigger.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: We can make it work, but I'm not sure if it will be a huge shower yeah at this I mean because we already have three we have one foot bath there so we just need we just need a place over there because if you're I mean if someone comes and guests and if it's in the bedroom so and you don't need like a big vanity 24 will be enough exactly because right now what is happening is we have just the powder room over here so any old people come and they want to use the bathroom they have to always go to the top floor or downstairs.

 So that is one thing what we kind of, we wanted to extend the current bathroom but the architect gave, but if you have to extend the current bathroom, we have to reconfigure the garage door and other things. Then the architect gave us a suggestion that 42 more than enough for your bathroom over there.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: 50. So I don't think it will be in the 200 OK? Because I think there's a lot to do. OK. You have 50. And yours, your primary, it's 66.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Mass event.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Mass event. Yes. OK. I'm going to send it to you so you have it, OK? I promise you, but it will be by the end of the day, OK? Yeah, yeah. Sure problem. Because I have a couple of things to do. And what about the cost? OK.