I'll just take this call.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Yes, of course.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: And whatever details you need, I'll be coming to you.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Okay.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: So we are down to pretty much The architect told us that we are waiting for the external rendering, so he is working on those. Because HOA would be more bothered about the external than the internal part. So both of them? Yeah. We need everything for... Yeah, that's the thing. From their point of view, because this is an HOA community, they will be more focused on the outer parts, right? So he is working on it.

 So we are expecting to submit all the things to HOA by next week, probably. And then, The main reason is we don't know the ETA of them because nobody from this community has done anything like that. Because we have one of the board members on our neighborhood. So we just, we talked to him actually. But he, just so he's like one of the first owners. So he's there from the time the building was constructed.

 So he knows the things around. So he was telling us like nobody ever did like this on this community. So it's first topic right. So he doesn't know how long it's going to take, what's the outcome, what is the things in place kind of thing. So that is one of the reasons why we are not able to estimate how long the HRA is going to take. Hopefully it will be fast. Yeah, because one thing what some certain people told us like because we have the approval from the township, from the zoning officer kind of thing.

 Because there is no variance or anything and it's a clear cut because we have the lot price and they have given us the approval. That's halfway. That's one of the reasons why HOA should not have an issue. Exactly. Otherwise, we don't know how the HOA behaves because nobody knows it.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: No, but once you have the concept approval, you are good.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Yeah, that's the thing. That's why when we are sending the email to HOA, we are mentioning specifically that we hope to discount And they have said that and putting it in bold so that they understand that we are God. That's amazing. That's the most difficult part. Exactly. Can you show me the back?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: So once you get the approval, you want to start right away. That's good.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: So we can work on the design first and then. Anything else you're doing at the house? I need your suggestions in one of the rooms because this is one of her bedrooms. Like my daughter's bedroom. She doesn't want me to touch anything at first. She's six actually. So she keeps it like that. She doesn't want to remove it. So it's her bedroom for her age. Now it looks fine. This is considered as the fourth bedroom for this house.

 Technically that's the closet and the roof goes lying like this. But we kind of think like now she's almost seven, so we technically have to move to her new bedroom kind of thing. So this is the current part of the bedroom. So as per the plan, if you notice, we are kind of moving this. This is an after-closet right now where the laundry is going to come in. So we are trying to move the what do you call it, the door to this place.

 And then the architect suggested like you can create this as one bedroom and you can move your daughter's room with your kind of room. Yeah. Perfect. And this is the master bathroom? Yes. Oh, it's big. Yeah, it's big. But the thing is we, this is our shower and this is the We don't use the tub. We prefer a bigger shower than the tub kind of thing.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: So we can do something beautiful.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: But yeah, I don't think we need this. Yeah, I don't think that works. So we were thinking that some idea kind of thing what we can reconfigure this place kind of thing. Yes, we can do something.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: We can remove that. Here we have the pipes. So we don't need to demonstrate that. We can leave the window as it is, so you have light.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: No, because we are going to extend it, right? So this will become a closet. So we have to move this window to this side.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: That's what our plan is. Oh, okay. The window is over there, okay.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Yeah, the window will come this way, in this one. So one of the suggestions from the architect was you don't need this cold shower. No. You can probably make it like six feet or something, a closet, or you can move the toilet to that corner and have a better vanity. Space in the middle or something in the middle or how do you want to configure here kind of thing. So, but we felt like there is no point in extending this because this is already big.

 So, you can just reconfigure internally without moving the door or anything. Yeah. That would be in a cost wise you are not breaking walls you will be on a lower side by just reconfiguring the bathroom kind of thing. Yeah.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: So I'll have the measurements of everything And then you will send me also Yes, whatever we you have right now so I be able to price it but for now to look at what you have and what you want do I'm gonna need the current status so it's just scanning it doesn't catch you.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: This window will stay for this room okay and these two windows basically that window should be closed and these two windows would go on to the master bedroom and we are adding a third window in the master bedroom on this side like similar to that okay I'm sure it's in the plans I just need to review it.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: And another question for you.