And I think that should be a replacement for the pantry, what I'm using here, kind of This is from IKEA, basically. This is IKEA?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Yes, this is IKEA kitchen.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Yes, yes, yes. Okay, so that's nothing. Yeah, okay.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: So that. All you need to create a box.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Yeah. And then. And then you will put it in.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah. That's what we are doing. And then this has to be covered. Yes, of course. Yeah, so that's, that's the\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: So you know what are the overall things, right, we are doing? Mm-hmm. Yeah. You got it, right?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: So that's from the down part, yeah.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Is it small project? What do you think? It's a medium size.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: Medium size.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: You can have extension, but then you don't have new showers or kitchen.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: How long do you think this project lasts?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: It depends, because you have a long way to go. You don't have architect plans. This is not an architect plan. For the city, you will need an architect plan. What is that for? For the city? City? For the township. Okay. Yes, you will need architect plans. They told you that they don't need.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: No, no. It is not at scale, but then he would he said like once we have the HOA approval, he would give the actual the big drawings to the\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Oh, so you have it.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: So this is an architectural plan only, but he just gave us a sample to us because HOA doesn't need that. No, no. So yeah, so we have the architect. So he's working on it. But this wasn't. Oh, this isn't from the architect. No, that's why. Yeah, yeah. Because we said no.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: So yes, if you have it, we need to file it with the township.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Yes, because the township wants the actual construction plans and everything once the HOA is approved. So we just got the first draft from the architect for the HOA to show kind of thing.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: So our estimate is we are thinking that we would get all the approvals from HOA. Is not, we are not having too many back and forth with them.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: We are thinking that we might get all the approvals by December end. By Jan 15th or by max by Jan mid we should be getting all the approvals. Okay. So if that is the case, do you work during the winters? Because we will be continuing staying here, we are not planning to move out or something. So that's one thing to consider while you are here.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: So maybe you can put some kind of...\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Yes, but we will figure that out once we move Yeah, but if in case like we get all the approvals by JanMed, what is the earliest you can start and how long do you think it would take for you to complete the project?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: So it depends.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: If we would start to work in a week because basically we have the floor plan, we know the sizes, we know everything. We need to start to work on the design. The design phase takes between two to three It depends on you. Okay as fast as you answer Okay, so once you move forward with that once we have the plans from the architect and everything We will work on everything that we need for construction, but you're doing two full bathrooms Okay, so we will help you we work with our designer She will pick materials with you to help you find exactly what you want Okay, we order windows.

 We don't need because we are using this one.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: Okay, so basically So basically how I'm looking at this project is whatever external you are adding it that comes with the first phase These bathrooms are all you know during the construction phase. We can work it out.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: That is not a big deal for us because sometimes material takes it's time to get it. So if we have the time to start with it before we get the town approval, we can be ready. And then once we have the approval, we need two weeks to start. That's it.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Okay. How long do you think it will take?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: It will take between four to six months. Four to six months. And you need to consider that it's going to be hard and dusty here. Okay. Because we're doing also the bath. Upstairs, okay, so we're willing to do them one by one because you need one of them Yeah, so it's also something because you can't do everything together So you want to do the whole roofing?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: The solar is on part of this roof so it has to be Removed and reinstalled on the new roof what we are getting because we are adding the east anyway. Yes, so The placement would change kind of thing. So we need to get that installed. Yeah, we need to consider that as well.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Okay Okay, what's your timeline guys?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: I want it before June end.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: To end everything. We need to start now.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: That's what we are already doing. That's why we already kind of, we began with the architect and he's getting all the things ready. So most probably our expectation is we would be giving for HOA.