So, so this, this, so that, we, we wanted this founder room to be converted into a fill bath, but then we, the architect suggested, like since we're moving the to the top floor, instead of expanding this bathroom, we can use this bathroom over here because we have the water line and everything over here.

 And you said this is a good, decent size for a bathroom?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Yes, you might need to change the window here.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Yeah, that will change. The window should not be that big?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Because you can't put a shower in that space. And it needs to be a little bit smaller, yeah.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: And then we can accommodate a full walk-in shower, nice, you know, and then another. Yeah, we can move this window to the other room as well, the new part where we will be constructing.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: Because all these windows, they recently changed about three months back. So we are going to reuse the same window.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: Yeah, yeah.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: So we can reuse this window to any other place.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: So when you put down the top, all together, We are adding five windows.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Five windows.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: All other windows will be used for all the other rooms.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Okay.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: So, one, two, three, and the bay window.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Okay.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Got it.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: So, it's basically, we're just going to move.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Push, yes. Yeah, we're going to push. Yeah, we're going to push. And then this wall, we are going to destroy it. Yeah, this is going to go over here. So, we're trying to make this, the opening would be here to the garage. We have a garage. Yeah, this is the garage. So we want to kind of remove this entire thing and make it like an open space. We have one more option.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Full bathroom with a toilet here and that's open space.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Yes.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: Or we can do some kind of closets here.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Little smaller closets on one side. Like a drop area kind of thing in the garage. We can have that. Yeah, I think it would be nice to do that. That's the staircase for the basement. Okay. So we can take that floor. Yeah, we can take that floor. Yeah. Okay.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Perfect. Yeah. Can you do like a small closet?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Yeah.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: So that you know, in the future, when you are going to create a room, that people can use as a closet.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Yes. Yeah. That's a good idea. Yeah. And another thing was, since we are making this as a bathroom, so I'm losing my bathroom space. So the extension part over there in the kitchen, we were thinking kind of like if the dining goes here kind of thing. And we are planning to extend the deck by middle, kind of thing like that. So our existing deck, the door is from here. So what we were thinking is we were planning to extend the deck as well.

 Visit, not for the full length. So we're planning to move this door to the extension part and then so this whole area what is there would be covered and I can reuse the pantry space over here and that is what we are thinking of\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Okay, so basically everything is going on. That's what you want, also the deck.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Not for the full length. Yes, but just to move a little bit.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: To move what is required for the door.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: This will, if you move it like until here, that's what you're saying?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: I want the entire door to be moved that side. Yes. So the whole space I can utilize as well. So the whole deck will be another room?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: No, no, no, no.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: We are not going beyond anything on the side.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: No, no. So basically you would be on this side. So this is our current deck. Yes. So we are moving the new deck as well, extending the deck part, okay? And the entrance to the deck will not be from here, so this will be closed. Yes. And the extension of the deck will be from the new extension part of this part.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Yes, that's what I said. So all the deck is moving.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: No, no, no.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Deck is not moving.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: The deck will still stay. We are expanding the deck.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Oh, but you said you want to move that wall.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: No, we are not moving that because it will touch the roof line and things. So we don't want to touch that. I thought that's why you want to do the pantry and stuff. No. This part, right?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Yes, we want to extend this part of the pantry.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: You can do that, you can do that.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: If you have the space, you can move in there.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Yeah, just like cover this whole thing, this kind of thing.