So you are thinking of doing some electric one.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: Okay, so you know, now this chimney will go up, you know, and then when we are pushing that, right? Yes. And probably in that room, we'll keep some...\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Something electric, but to remove that. Yes. And the chimney is going all the way up, right?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: So we need to demo it. Yes. Okay, got it. Yes. So that's part of the plan, but then this is again a question to the HOA, because if the HOA says that that's needed, But the HOA, then we have to look for another alternative option. But we're still trying to see. Yeah, but we don't know about the HOA.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Even if they want you to meet here, you can do the entrance to the room from here. So you won't need to touch that.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: But our preference is to find a room. Because we kind of want it to be like a kind of thing so we could open up when we don't need it as a room because we don't want to show it technically as a bedroom, we wanted to show it as a den kind of thing but in case parents come and they want to have a bedroom, they are an option kind of And here it's like a dining room? So our current dining room is there but we are looking for, I mean this is our kitchen, we have recently redid the kitchen so we don't want to touch this part of the kitchen at all.

 So, we are kind of open to options like if we can move the existing dining room over here or we could expand the kitchen in a better way over here. We are open to options for this part kind of thing. Okay. We are looking still for options for.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: We are asking about some questions on how do we know should I be open rooms or should to do over here, the expansion part.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Yes, I understand. It depends on you. If you like the kitchen as is, so leave it, because kitchen is expensive to do. So to move everything, it's possible.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: No, we don't want to. But we did it recently. Yeah, we did it recently.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: And the main thing is, if I want to change something, I would obviously move the gas ring and have an exhaust kind of thing. We don't have right now that fast. But then I don't know how complicated it is because our gas lines, water lines, everything we did. We redid our basement. So we don't want to... We finished our basement. Yeah, we recently did that change. So it's kind of like we want to keep the breakages to the minimal, to the existing, which we already did kind of thing.

 That was one of our main reasons like we are open to options like moving our existing dining room to this place. I think so. Yeah. Or kind of because currently the laundry room what we have is what is our pantry kind of thing.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Okay.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: So basically this is our powder room. This is our powder room. Okay. And this is our laundry room. Okay. Okay. But and pantry basically. Laundry cum pantry kind of thing. So we want to move, we want to make this as our full bath kind of thing. Okay, in the future or now? Now, when we're changing it. Because if we're bringing a room, we wanted a full bath over here. So, yeah, so we want that.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: Do you think that gives more cost for the township?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: What, to do a full bath? For the township? I don't think it would be affordable. Problem you need to pay for the permits and permits you pay by the cost of labor not materials Okay, so once we'll price it, but usually we lower the prices As much as possible that it will make sense, you know to the township and then you can Okay, we won't say I just on top of my head. We won't say it's gonna cost 200 We're gonna try to lower the price and say, OK, listen, the materials for extension will cost $100, but the job itself will cost $50.

 OK? And then we lower the price to that. OK? We will do whatever we can to help you, because we know this can sound a lot. OK. OK? So, but it still needs to make sense. So I can't write $10,000 extension, because it won't make sense.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Yeah.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: So what do you think of, you know, when you do a square foot cost, do you do only top or bottom or only, how do you put the number?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: It's whatever, no, it's total square foot and it depends what you have in the extension area. So you don't have any bathroom or kitchen over there. No. So it's just open spaces. It will be cheaper, you know, to do that. Where? Because we don't need to run pipes.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: Where, where?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: In the extension. In the extension. Oh, extension. No, right.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: System, because you can't do it without. If you have, I don't know what system you have right now.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: We have single zone, but as a part of this we are planning to make it as a two zone as well. Because right now what is happening is we feel the difficulty with one zone with all the three floors kind of thing. So when we are doing this change, we are thinking to keep the existing zones to the basement and the first floor, and move all the second floor to the new zone kind of thing.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Okay, so we need another HVAC. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Okay. Probably that could be going into the attic kind of thing. We do have the attic space, so yeah. Okay. Yeah.