Okay. And then
moved So, like, when you feel like you will be like, ready to lock someone in? I know
there's something you want to do like in the next? Yeah, we throw a couple weeks say
by, like, October 1st and my head is sort of where I'd like to be like, okay, we're going
with this golf group and, make that iniRal retainer payment or whatever. Cool. The
quesRon, obviously is also, you the cost. Like if I'm thinking this is going to cost $1,000,
which I like, and someone's just say, like, $10,000. Okay, we're way off, but if it's like
$1,000 and we're. Yeah, yeah. Are you familiar with, like, generally what this augural
verd likeoff? Yeah.. Yeah, I mean, I like, I've got an esRmates from other people. Okay,
and it's ranged., like, crazy numbers that are super high numbers I'm gonna take a scan
Sure, I'm gonna take detail measurements. Yeah, yeah. And I'll get all my square foot
precisely Of course, yeah. But straight off the bat, if we're doing like a kitchen,
bathroom. Yeah, what are you finishing flooring? Yeah. $1, $1,200. You're gonna be like,
for our cops, less materials around like, $2500, I'd say? $250,000, Yeah. Minus materials.
Yeah, so I'd say, like, you might be a liMle under that, but somewhere around like, I'd say
220 to60 for my cost is what I'm expecRng to coming up. Plus materials. Plus materials,
which will be another like bathroom, $8,9K materialals, plus kitchen, countertops.
You're going to be kind of around the $300 in mark. $300 Yeah. Okay. is what I'm... for
seeing is to come in at. Got it. But, look, I'll give you a detail price. Yeah, no, that's. It's. I
think that's fine. Again, that's preMy eye level without me. Yeah, super precise with it,
but I. Okay, it's on average, these spaces like this kind of coming around that. Okay. If
you have a number that you're like saying, I'm going to need, this is this is my ceiling, I
have you.. We can work with that, but.. Okay. Honestly, what's important with any
partner or any firm you go with, just being transparent tell where you're at, what the
feeling what you're thinking and, uh, okay. Yeah. Cool. Cool. Awesome. All right. So
you're going to take measurements? I'm going to take measurements. Okay. So, what
you also availability like this week, maybe feel like a video call. this week. Amazing. Do
you think he could do.Cause I'm going to try and get this done preMy quickly. What was
the video called video? So we're going to review the proposal. Oh, I see. Okay. So it's
gonna be relax. Okay, So you can get that preMy quick. I'm going to get it to you.. That
would be helpful because I do want to like lock down someone Exactly, yeaher later.
Sounds like you want to do that preMy quick. So I can do it for you like, how's
Wednesday morning between like what, like 1030 Wednesday morning? 11. Let's see.
11 is let me check actually real quick. One of those should work. How long does it take?
It's be about 45 minutes. 45 minutes. So.. I can do like 11:15 Perfect. If that works for
you. That works great. Yeah. All right, awesome. So the calendar 11:15 Yeah, amazing., if
you need email when I go back to the office, you look at him when you, like,
inspiraRonal stuff that you have. Sure photos of like. Yeah, yeah. direcRonal. They're
very ideas, but I think what we talked about is probably. I mean, I'm having sending
these renderings don't enRrely. Okay. Yeah. Okay.. Cool. Cool. Well, I'll just be a few
minutes. Okay. Sounds good. Take a video and some fun.. Thank you. All right.
I just finished the walk-through and I wanted to give a summary of the project. This is a
two bedroom two bathroom one kitchen apartment client wants to refinish the floors
throughout the apartment. two got renovaRons of both bathrooms, got renovate the
kitchen. replace baseboards, refinished floors, add drop ceilings in the living room and
both bedrooms add recessed lighRng in living room and both bedrooms approximately
15 new lights repaint apartment that's it