=== VIDEO TRANSCRIPT ===

This is the exterior of the house, the roof was not changed for 30 years so we need to replace it. We want to replace the entire siding and this is the area where they want to do the extension on top of the basement. The side of the house looks like a brick that's looking and that that is siding over there. 

Okay. Hey, So this is the
bathroom. Let me go see if
that's the kitchen. Now, this is
the bathroom. Right? The POW
room. I think so. Need to check
which. Which year is that? And
the boiler.

This looks also like an extension you.
This is the second floor We're basically want to do extension on existing Extension which is the garage outside. I have another video of that. They want to extend the bathroom Have a bigger bathroom and the closet push over there. 

Okay, we have the extension here. This is the loop, we're going to have to do also the drainage. It's currently running here.

This is gonna be the master bathroom This is the bathroom full update That's about that Then this bathroom full update there's room here from the closet space So we want to see if we can maybe get in that space into the bathroom Now the last floors place was everywhere remove this This is workspace Another bedroom Remove the carpet place the threads And Here we go to the kitchen opening the kitchen and make sure there's no structure here If we have we can keep us off it Extend that kitchen over here Are we in your way? No, that's it. I'm done. Let's get ready

This is the back of the house.
Okay. They would want to replace
the siding all throughout the
house. This is brick. You want
to replace the roof, All the
doors. This is an extension. The
garage is above. Okay. I want to
remove this area. Walls, wood.
And we're gonna have to see what
we're doing with drop ceiling,
because usually it's this way.
So there's access to the
mechanical. And I have to look
into this boiler is from 2012.
Might gonna need to be replaced.
The condenser. Look from 99. Am
I gonna have to replace it as
well? Yeah. It's not dripping.
It's like moist damp. So at one
point, it was.



=== PROJECT WALKTHROUGH TRANSCRIPT ===
Project Walkthrough Transcript

Okay. Oh, give me up. No. Okay, fine. Excuse me? No, no, no, I haven't. Oh.
So redo the kitchen. Mm hmm. I want to open this whole wall to make the kitchen bigger. And then push—because I probably need more cabinets—so the cabinets probably continue over here. And then probably have like a total… Yeah. And then the dining room with the kitchen full.
And then we’re doing the floor between this whole thing. Just for you to know, usually in houses the joists go this way, right? So there might be some structural element here. Later on we’ll have to open the walls and probe to see exactly what’s there. It’s not a huge add-on, but there may be some structural work.
If I open it all the way and then lower a piece, would that be better? Yeah, it’s a matter of cost. Once we open, we’ll know exactly what’s there.
Floors: since this will be one big room, we’d replace the floors across. I don’t want tile. I want the same flooring throughout. It’s not squeaky, not perfectly level, but likely no full leveling, just certain areas.
There’s a powder room I’d like to update. That’s not a problem.
Baseboards will be replaced once floors come out. New recessed lighting throughout.
Doors and frames will be updated. New doors throughout.
This will be the family room. Remove the carpet. Remove cabinetry. Floors throughout, lights throughout.
Upstairs: keep closet but replace floors to match. Windows are in good shape.
Remove this closet to extend the bathroom since it’s small. Update the bathroom, nothing fancy. Possibly relocate ducting if needed. Once we open we’ll understand more.
Primary bedroom: extend the bedroom to that point. Garage below.
Survey exists for the house. If legal, extension is possible. We’ll review survey and speak with architect. Expect about three months for plans and permits before starting work.
Design happens in parallel—kitchen, materials, tiles.
Basement: remove bar, update space for gym. Nothing fancy, just brighter and cleaner. Replace wood paneling. Likely sheetrock, with access panels if needed for ducts.
Open wall to make space larger. Electrical likely needs updating. Kitchen appliances remain similar: stove, microwave, fridge.
End of walkthrough.


=== 466 CALIFORNIA RD TRANSCRIPT ===
Okay Oh, give me up No. Okay, fine. Excuse me? No, no, no, I haven't. Oh. So, redo the kitchen. Mm hmm. I want to open this whole wall. Okay. to make the kitchen bigger. Okay. And then push. Because I probably need more cabinets, so the cabinets probably come. Continue over here. And then probably have like a total. Yeah. And then then the diet. This is gonna be like, diamond. Dining room with the kitchen full. Okay. And then we're doing the Ford between this whole thing. Okay, so just for you to know, usually in houses, the joy's going this way. Right? So they might going to be this going to be some structural element here, right? So later on, just for you to know, we're going to have to start, like opening the walls and probing and see exactly what's wrong and then we'll know more. Again, it's not a huge add on, but there might be going to be needed to be some structural work. If it is really low bal.. Okay? But how about if I open it all the way to that, and then it's like to a lower piece with that be better? Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's a metadow of cost, right? Okay. So it's a possibility. But once we open within exactly what's there and we could, you know. Okay. But that shouldn't be a problem. floors, you said. Because then because this is going to be one big right room. Right. But in general, you want to replace the entire floor, you want to salvage. I don't think, well, I don't want tile in that. That's for sure. So. So you want the same floor zone. Correct. Okay, got it. So we're replacing the floors on across.. It looks like. It's a little.. I mean, it's not squeaky, it's not 100% left. Here, but I'll let you know. I don't think we need full leveling. Just maybe be in certain areas. Okay. And then there's a powder wound in there, which I' like to update,ating changed out. Okay. not a problem. Yep. All right. we have here? That's to the basement. Ah, okay. Do you.. No, let's finish this for. So I would potentially would like to change the floor on this side, too. as well. The floors, baseboards, we're going to have to replace, two, we're taking off the floors. But it's good. You're going to have just like, new, fresh baseboards. Okay, and then I would like to do the light to recess lighting. Okay. And this one. Yeah, no problem. Okay. And then I go upstairs. I don't the remove this. Wait, let's talk about this area one second. Sure. Before we go. All right. So what what do your plans are for here? Nothing. Nothing. Just skip it this way. Okay. And this is the door? That's the door in the garage, but that's probably gonna need to be updated to like a firepoof door. Yeah. If I have to gas. Yeah, yeah. but not doing anything here. Just. Then the doors, the frames, you want to keep, you want to remove. The door. For example, doors in general. Yes. Like, you happy with the doors when you? We're updated. Updating everything.. Yeah, like, new ones. And this is gonna be what, like, um.. Family room. Amazing. Okay. Just so I understand, you.. You're moving in with.. What happened? And, okay, you have kids or not? No, okay, okay. Got. So remove the The carpet. The carpet.. Here, I'm gonna start and ding on. I'm.. Okay, that's all good. Don't worry. Remove this, that's small, whatever you want to call this. Okay. Oh, the cabinetry yet? Yeah, I don't need this. Okay. And then the floors in each of the room. Okay. Floors are all throughout lights, all through. Yes, cards. Also makes this light here. No. For this one. This one is fine. I don't really care. So the top floor, just, like replacing the light? The picture downstairs. Hey, how you okay? How you doing? I How are you? Hey. So I probably you. All right, thank you. I'll.. Okay, thanks. And then.. this one is my arm. This floor going to be. Okay. This is the closet we can keep it out of the closet. Mm hmm. But the floor in here. Yeah, they're different. Yeah, so I like to keep everything the same.. Yeah, I think Windows are good, good shape. Okay. I don't need this closet and I explain because behind this is the bathroom. So you want to gain that space in the? Yes, I want to extend the bathroom, because it's a little small, so it would be utilize the space would be great. Okay. I probably go next. All right.. Now you. Sorry. Okay. No worry. We need to replace the fan? Ah, but now you're in understand why I wanted to utilize that space because it's so small that there's nothing to move around with. Yeah, I mean, this is. And like, like, get rid of this, and make it, like, not look, just to look bigger, you know what I mean? It looks so.. We're going to open it and we'll see what's on top. Make sure there there's no plumbing or anything. maybe the fend for this. Yeah. But whatever we can, we can open, you want to open this, the plumbing.. Just to push it back, you know, you. The plumbing is here, so you can definitely push. And then I just want to update the bathroom. I don't nothing. I don't need anything fancy. A duck.. Is that for the huge? I need to see the You have it here. We'll go to the basement, we' see what system you have. Can I move that duck to this this wall, if anything? So we have duct in here, and if it's in the bathroom, it think to be there. Oh, okay. It can stay there. We can figure it out. Okay. That might be, by the way, why the ceiling drop. But once we open, we understand we can make some manu. But one second, I just want to understand. You want only this side or you want the entire.. I can do the entire, whichever is easier, it is not going to be a problem, then I would say, just take the entire thing and utilize it for the allocated for the bathroom. But if there's problems because of whatever plumbing or something behind that, then I'm saying, just keep the new one, you know? Okay. When we're done, I'm just gonna take a few videos and I'll scand space, so have the measurements and everything. All right. Okay. Backwards for this one, right? Yeah. some primary source to speak. And I want to extend this bedroom to where it ends there. You can open the door. That was a lot. Sorry.. So, that is my garage downstairs. Is a lot, too? There you go. Okay. This with the downstairs. I out there. Okay. Do you have a survey? Yes. For the house? Yes. Perfect, so.. I have that. If you can send it to us, like, we need to everything. It's It's within your. your measurements, if that's where you're asking. No, first of all, this is built, So if this is legal, you can definitely extend here. Oh, yes. Then we're gonna see, I thought, I think you spoke with Mimoy extension over there. So that's the only one. This is the only country. So, okay, I saw something over there. I'll talk with you about it. We need to. I need to have the survey.. And then we'll talk with our architect. Okay. Okay? We actually did, we just submitted. We're supposed to get the permits very soon for an extension project. Around here? Yeah. Okay. address. And. So, like, basically, I wanted to extend this room to make it bigger, ultimately. A 10 five other rail roads. Nine minutes. Are we here? It's also on the Bronxville. I'm not mistaken. So over there, we're doing a little bit of a more of a massive. You have a great coffee place here. Okay. But. Are you from the area? No, but we work a lot here. Okay, Gotcha. And is my partner. is just awake., you know, I'll have all the notes and everything and he's managing all of the projects here. Okay, I got you. But we were closer in the city. Okay. But usually the process is, you want to think of the survey, I'm going to create the scope of work. Yes. I'm going to send it to the architect, just get the green light, I this is possible, not possible, and here's what you need to take in consideration. And you just need to understand that it's going to take a little bit, just to build the plan. and then to submit to the scene. So you have a process of around, I's say, you should be comfortable with around three months to get everything ready, submitted. Okay. Before you can start the work. Yeah. That's. And that's good, because you also need to design the space, right? Okay. So you need to chew up the kitchen and materials, the tires and all that stuff. So we have time for you to work with the designer. Okay. While we work on the place. Gotcha. Okay. That's all. So basically extend. Okay. And then what I was I do is a bathroom here, which is really small, so I would like to extend it bigger to you'll see when you accept it. If it is smaller that one. Yeah. So what is your plan here to have it all as your bathroom? Yes. And then maybe even the clos space on the. Well, I I couldn't ideally make the bathtub up to here, or if you guys need more space, take the whole closet. Up to you.. to make the bathroom and then I would push the closet to that corner.. And then this will just be one big space. Okay. Do you want it open or you wanted to close, like a clos? I closed closed, yeah. Okay. Yeah, that's. simple, right? I mean, nothing, you know? Okay. In my head, it was simple. How that. Yeah. I look. Oh, yeah, that's fine. while we're here, let me just take the photos I just need to see where the rain is running. Yeah. . I'm gonna go this way. Okay. Whoa. But either way, so it doesn't matter. Oh, that's nice. I don't, uh, remove the bar for this bar thing here, because it's underneath the stairs. I don't need it.. So get the roomm of the update this. So like, nothing too fancy because my husband's using this for a gymways. Okay. So something, like, more economical is fine, like just cot to clean it up, make it brighter. and then, like, I. But you want to keep this type of? No, I do not want to keep that. But usually I'll explain usually why I use it in the basements because we're going to have to see it. There's some stuff work and stuff. There. Yeah, usually, you do actually in the hand turns and projects like that, usually the duck, you see that the.. ducting is here. Usually they do it, so you have access if something happen. Okay. If we put Sheet sheet rock, you're closing. You can do access panels, but you cannot open if you have an issue with the system, right? So what do you suggest if I don't really care for.? I'll tell you what, what we do is we demo first. We take everything, and then if I tell her, listenen, there's so much going on here, you want it to be accessible, then we can get something much nicer than this up down. You have have this type of finished wall we can make it look super nice. Okay. I mean, I'm not, yeah, I'm not trying to spread that whole time of money in the basement. No, no, for sure. He's trying to just use it for a gym. But I just wanted to make it, like, update it and just brighter.Cause the only window here is this. Yeah. Do you want to keep the wood ball? I do not. Okay. So I guess the option would be I can A just replace it with sheet rock. That's that's a piece of the extension, yes. Wow. So my husband's just going to clean this up and put, like, his equipment as wallet done as a gym because this one's not it's deleted. Okay. So, like, he'll just probably have a few of his machine and then the rest here. Uh huh. So now you understand why I'm not gonna ru my much money on? Yeah. It's just using it for a. Okay. So, like, this side is insulated. That side is not because it's this is the garage. Upstairs is the garage. Okay. So this is the piece. Like, they used it as the storage, so I don't know.. That's perfect for the stage. Yeah. So then Ially, I want to open this wall, just kind of make it, like, bigger. Okay. Because I don't need the two, you know, the two sections. Sorry, I don't.. Okay. here. So I think the electrical Mimi needs to be updated and it might be a little old. I don't know. What are we doing with the kitchen? I'm wearing more appliances or than existing? Mm hmm. What do you mean by adding more appliances? More than the existing appliances? No, I probably would just her I think mic wave and a stove and a fridge. So basically the same, I guess. Okay, got it. Yeah. Okay. I'm that's the lawyer, right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That's good. This probably needs probably needs this Let's see. There's now it's on certain things that I don't. Nice. It's important there. 2012th Okay.

=== SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS ===
- Extension on top of existing garage to expand master bedroom
- Extension will go on top of garage perimeter walls
- Master bathroom expansion (bigger bathroom and closet push over)
- Roof replacement (30 years old, entire roof)
- Replace entire siding throughout house
- Replace all doors
- Kitchen opening and extension
- Remove carpet and place hardwood throughout
- Full bathroom updates (multiple bathrooms)
- Boiler from 2012 may need replacement
- Condenser from 1999 may need replacement
- Drainage work for extension area
