The foregoing provision shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of
this Agreement.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, Hello Chapter shall indemnify and hold harmless Client from and against any and all
claims, suits, actions, damages, losses, liabilities, judgments and/or expenses relating to the Services and/or the work and/or
the performance of the work under the Agreement, provided same was not caused by Client’s own negligence.
Termination by the client
The Client may terminate this Agreement for cause if the Client demonstrates that the Contractor: (i) fails to make payment to
Subcontractors for materials or labor in accordance with the respective agreements between the Contractor and the
Subcontractors; or (ii) persistently disregards laws, ordinances, or rules, regulations or orders of a public authority having
jurisdiction.
If any of the above reasons exist, the Client may, after giving the Contractor seven (7) days' written notice to cure, terminate
this Agreement.
Upon any such termination, Hello Chapter shall be entitled to payment for Services rendered, work executed and any loss
with respect to materials, equipment, tools, and machinery, including reasonable overhead, profit and cost incurred (including
reasonable attorneys’ fees) up to the date of termination.
Entire Liability
The entire liability of Hello Chapter for any damages arising from Hello Chapter’s performance or non- performance of any
Services under this Agreement, regardless of the form of action (whether in contract, tort including negligence, strict liability
or otherwise), shall not exceed the fee and any reimbursable expenses paid by Client to Hello Chapter pursuant to this
Agreement. Hello Chapter shall not be liable for consequential, incidental, indirect, or special damages.
Dispute Resolution
Should the parties be unable to resolve any dispute arising out of this Agreement, the matter shall be decided by arbitration
in accordance with the Construction Industry Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association currently in effect. The
demand for arbitration shall be filed in writing with the other party to this Agreement and with the American Arbitration
Association. The award rendered by the arbitrator or arbitrators shall be final, and judgment may be entered upon it in
accordance with applicable law in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
Contractor Licensing
Hello Chapter NJ LLC is a licensed Home Improvement Contractor - #13VH13212400.
Worker’s Compensation
Contractor agrees to provide the Client with a certificate of Worker’s Compensation insurance prior to commencement of
work.
Material Descriptions
Descriptions of materials to be provided are detailed in the attached scope of work. Where applicable, make, model, and
identifying features (SKU, type, dimensions, etc.) are specified.
Lien Law Notice
Any contractor, subcontractor, or supplier who is not paid may have a lien against the property. This is enforceable under
applicable lien laws and may result in claims against the premises.
Counterparts; PDF Signatures
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts and by different parties on different counterparts, each of
which shall constitute an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Email and Portable
Document Format (PDF) transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed original counterpart of this
Agreement.
Governing Law and Entire Agreement
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State New Jersey. This Agreement
constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties, superseding all prior communications, whether written or
oral, and may not be amended or modified except by a writing signed by Hello Chapter and the Client.
Please indicate your agreement by signing where indicated below.
We look forward to the opportunity to work on your project.
I confirm that my action here represents my electronic signature and is binding.
Signature:
Date:
Name: Claude Barnes