So it's like a bit of a trek to get to the 1-2-3. Because now there are many more 2-3s like coming up, I don't know if I'll make it.

 The 15 when I walked to the train. But then it was like, oh, also in like 14 and 15 and 16.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: So I was like, yeah, I'll take that. Finalize the plan of what we want to do, how we want to do it.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Now I usually take the AC.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: And that's like one long block closer. So you guys want to do some renovation in here? Yes.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: You'll see why in a second. I work, walk, within Chelsea Market, basically one block to get to 9th, and then I walk a block.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Every five years, it just gets kicked down the road.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: I mean, maybe I'm over it.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 3: I provided strategic options.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 3: Like certain things that I like, All that fun stuff.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 3: Sophie's like running quite a bit.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Good girls.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Seems to be the... Yeah. Hello. Hello, my darling.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Yeah, definitely. It's awesome.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Yeah, renovating New York is amazing. It's very complex. It's extremely challenging with building access, and condos, and co-ops, and supers, and DOB, and permits, and all the things. But it's kind of the best place to renovate in the world. If you're in the industry. You know, it's very fun.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: It's just fun.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Every project is different. So I'll repeat some of the things I just walked through just to remind you. It's all opening up because the kitchen's in here.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: The closet will be here, right? All of this will be closet. And then the kitchen will be here because there's a column right here. So we can't take that down. So basically this will be countertop. But then the rest of the wall will come down.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 4: And then basically the counter space will run up to here.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: This will be gone and we'll just have counter space here. Take this down and then there's the little bathroom in the corner that we don't want to touch. And then counter space basically behind this wall up to here and then the island in the middle. You can visualize it. Yeah, I can see that. Because we really wanted to open it up and make it feel like part of living dining, especially with the little one.

 I feel like there's almost so much fluidity between kitchen, dining, living. It's nice to have it all be one big space.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: No, and I think with a model like this, I mean, we're just looking at a small wall here. And I think opening this up is going to really create that open space with the light as well.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: This is currently where the washer and dryer is, but this would basically be kitchen counter here, exactly. And then it would be in this section here. And then this would be the entrance to bedroom four. We'll go back in here.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: This is what it currently is.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: So this would have to come out and we don't want to probably put new floors in the whole apartment anyway.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: You want new floors throughout?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Yeah, for what we've understood. Architects admit that they don't think it has much life left in it.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 3: Do you have a way of kidding yourself?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Yeah, you have likely one... You have probably one sand left in it. But look, the reality is, if you're keeping the layout the same, I think you could keep it and salvage it. But it is, it definitely has no more than one reason to finish in it. So if you guys are planning to beat it, more than one. 10 years. Maybe in five years is kind of recommended.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: But if we're opening it all up, then we have to do some more floor matching.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 3: Yeah. Yeah. Show them the actual layer. Yeah, yeah.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: In the back, we think they've already put new floors, but on top of the old ones. Exactly. Yeah. So we're like, and then you see, I mean, you see this. If we're opening this all up, we would like this to be continuous anyway. So I think we would just like bite the bullet and yeah, and then I mean may look maybe also looking for your guidance. I know there's a huge cost spectrum of like super super high-end versus more moderate or even engineered.

 I don't know if you guys always recommend solid wood versus yeah.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Yes. So I was traditionally trained as a carpenter and I've been working as a carpenter for 10 years. So I like I really like solid wood it's it's a nice product but the challenge with it is is it moves and there's and you know New York is a very it's it's quite temper heating like the temperature changes is quite drastic throughout the year in the summer it's hot and very humid in the winter it's cool and dry the worst conditions for so like natural materials so engineered wood is really good in New York specifically for this climate because Engineered is basically built up of two different materials.

 It's basically got a base material which is plywood which is extremely stable and then it's got a thin veneer on top.