Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Hi, buddy. How are you? How are you? It's OK. I'm a little bit early. Do you want me to wait? No, no, no. Please wait.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Yeah, so if you want to take a crack and start so that you know you Scott, you can go over to Scott.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Hi, sorry.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Hi, nice to meet you. I love it. Yep, nice to meet you. Thank you so much for having me today.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yeah, no worries. I think what we are trying to do is, we are trying to expand this house.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Sorry, this used to be my office.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: So this is a bathroom.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: So what we want to do is we want to take the bathroom further out.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: So probably take the bathroom completely out and then go like another eight feet or so.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: And then build similar to this, right?\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Like your room here, right?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: You want to extend this one as well or not? Or just...\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: No, that other side, right? Want to extend it. So think of it like this. So what we want to do is, if you see that right, the bathroom. I want to extend that and then build a room here. And then another room here. Because this is already the entrance, right? That room is that the one you saw, right? It's already here. So probably right till here.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: And then build another room here another room here and then another floor on top of it with two bedrooms as well okay got it upstairs right with some stairs upstairs yes we're not touching that we're moving the bathroom and then building the bathroom here yes okay so two rooms bathroom and another two upstairs with uh no bathroom with one bathroom so the same same okay perfect on that side of the house okay did you check Did you talk to an architect?

 I'm assuming you can do it because you have space.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: I need an architect. That's why I call you guys. Because what I need is, I need somebody to create the plan for me, and then come up with the costing. Because the rooms, I think, similar size, right? What's the room for, if I may ask? So one of them is going to be my office room. The other one is going to be a small pool room, right? Like a temple. So instead of this, we have one here, right? I'll use this space for what I need to.

 Then I'll, whatever that you're creating or we're building that side with the same, I'll take this bay window, right? This bay window will be closed.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Because you want it to extend up until here.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yeah, because what I'll do is I'll close this bay window. I'll take this temple and then the next room you're creating, I'll create a bay window.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Okay, and Pradeep, what's the timeline for this project?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: I mean, if I find somebody, I would like to start like in March.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Okay, so we can work on the plans and everything until then because... It's going to take time. That's why I said March. Yeah, so we are willing to start right away once we'll find everything.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: If you find an architect, let's design it. I have an architect. Let's get the approvals, right? And then we can figure out what the costing look like, right? And then you can give me a quote, right?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: So there's two options. One, I can give you a rough estimate now, how much I think it will cost. And then we can sign on the proposal and move forward with that. If we'll have change after the architect plans, we'll adjust the proposal. If not, there's also an option. Collaborate I'll give you my services it's cost around $5,000 to find you an architect to work with him to make sure he's in your budget and once we'll have that then we'll move forward to the proposal okay yeah I mean either is fine either is fine so let's start with the proposal give me a quote yes because it's easy If it's within the range that I'm thinking, then I'll let you know.

 What's your range?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: I don't know. You tell me. That's all I'm doing. You tell me.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Another question. The rooms that you want to be extended, it's a right... Similar size. Similar size. Do you mind if I scan the area? Thank you. Do you have the plans for this floor No, but do you have a plan for the house Okay, do you mind if I'll scan the whole floor so we will have it for the architect perfect, thank you a little bit about, you know, who's going to be there, who's listening, you know, where they're, I guess, focused.

\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Yeah, I just want to add one thing as well.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: I think, as you can see, this is an example in the student initiative.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: It's an already early stage life cycle, and we have to kind of think through how things work out. I think that upfront positioning is important, so they don't consider, like, And this is how we align the resources. Good morning. Let's go. To spend an hour with him and Marguerite, the other person who will take him home. In that conversation. There is one new person that is joining this conversation, but again, based on his role right now, he operates almost at a similar level to Tom as well.

 So from a story side of it, I think this will evolve.