The other one is going to be a small pool room, right? Like a temple. So instead of this, we have one here, right? I'll use this space for what I need to.

 Then I'll, whatever that you're creating or we're building that side with the same, I'll take this bay window, right? This bay window will be closed.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Because you want it to extend up until here.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yeah, because what I'll do is I'll close this bay window. I'll take this temple and then the next room you're creating, I'll create a bay window.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Okay, and Pradeep, what's the timeline for this project?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: I mean, if I find somebody, I would like to start like in March.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Okay, so we can work on the plans and everything until then because... It's going to take time. That's why I said March. Yeah, so we are willing to start right away once we'll find everything.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: If you find an architect, let's design it. I have an architect. Let's get the approvals, right? And then we can figure out what the costing look like, right? And then you can give me a quote, right?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: So there's two options. One, I can give you a rough estimate now, how much I think it will cost. And then we can sign on the proposal and move forward with that. If we'll have change after the architect plans, we'll adjust the proposal. If not, there's also an option. Collaborate I'll give you my services it's cost around $5,000 to find you an architect to work with him to make sure he's in your budget and once we'll have that then we'll move forward to the proposal okay yeah I mean either is fine either is fine so let's start with the proposal give me a quote yes because it's easy If it's within the range that I'm thinking, then I'll let you know.

 What's your range?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: I don't know. You tell me. That's all I'm doing. You tell me.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Another question. The rooms that you want to be extended, it's a right... Similar size. Similar size. Do you mind if I scan the area? Thank you. Do you have the plans for this floor No, but do you have a plan for the house Okay, do you mind if I'll scan the whole floor so we will have it for the architect perfect, thank you a little bit about, you know, who's going to be there, who's listening, you know, where they're, I guess, focused.

\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Yeah, I just want to add one thing as well.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: I think, as you can see, this is an example in the student initiative.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: It's an already early stage life cycle, and we have to kind of think through how things work out. I think that upfront positioning is important, so they don't consider, like, And this is how we align the resources. Good morning. Let's go. To spend an hour with him and Marguerite, the other person who will take him home. In that conversation. There is one new person that is joining this conversation, but again, based on his role right now, he operates almost at a similar level to Tom as well.

 So from a story side of it, I think this will evolve. I think one point, Prateek, you made and Ashok, we should be comfortable that if it comes to it, you both are comfortable to stand up I mean, I think that would be one part which we should be ready for, to say to the point that that part said, right from here, we need to move on, and we need to move just slowly, aligning to the argument for direction, pattern matching, et cetera.

 And I think that's what they may want to prove, but that's an important analysis. Does that make sense?\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Yeah, so Scott, I think the thought is like, you know, how do you keep the story, right?\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: I think the way I want to look at it is separate it goes.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: So, the interview is confined to it.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: There's nothing else.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: not follow up any specific data-based services, right?\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: I think what you can start, you know, getting into is, again, what are the services, things that seem to be there?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Are there anything that work, that didn't work, like anything that you've seen, right, from a challenges standpoint, right, and what kind of data reasons, right? I see that there really is sort of, you know, a setting up, right? Is it like, you know, a time, or a month, or whatever that is, right, that you're, you know, have, that you have set up, right, here. So I think that's where I would probably start to talk at all, So I would go in that line of thinking, because that will help him to say okay, you know it, it's not like you don't know it, but just that he should know that we know it as well.

 That's one way to think about it.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: One thing, Scott, listening to what you just heard, how would, and correct me if I'm wrong, you were part of Anaconda before? So how would Anaconda handle this problem?\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: starting from a very concrete technical problem and working back up to figure out how does this relate to our product use case.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: But I know that that's not really going to fly, right? We don't have enough information to be able to do that. But I think there are some of the right things being thought about here. You know, you want effectively a proxy for your mainframe to interact with it in a friendlier way, right? Like with REST APIs, all that kind of stuff.