I think one point, Prateek, you made and Ashok, we should be comfortable that if it comes to it, you both are comfortable to stand up I mean, I think that would be one part which we should be ready for, to say to the point that that part said, right from here, we need to move on, and we need to move just slowly, aligning to the argument for direction, pattern matching, et cetera.

 And I think that's what they may want to prove, but that's an important analysis. Does that make sense?\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Yeah, so Scott, I think the thought is like, you know, how do you keep the story, right?\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: I think the way I want to look at it is separate it goes.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: So, the interview is confined to it.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: There's nothing else.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: not follow up any specific data-based services, right?\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: I think what you can start, you know, getting into is, again, what are the services, things that seem to be there?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Are there anything that work, that didn't work, like anything that you've seen, right, from a challenges standpoint, right, and what kind of data reasons, right? I see that there really is sort of, you know, a setting up, right? Is it like, you know, a time, or a month, or whatever that is, right, that you're, you know, have, that you have set up, right, here. So I think that's where I would probably start to talk at all, So I would go in that line of thinking, because that will help him to say okay, you know it, it's not like you don't know it, but just that he should know that we know it as well.

 That's one way to think about it.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: One thing, Scott, listening to what you just heard, how would, and correct me if I'm wrong, you were part of Anaconda before? So how would Anaconda handle this problem?\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: starting from a very concrete technical problem and working back up to figure out how does this relate to our product use case.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: But I know that that's not really going to fly, right? We don't have enough information to be able to do that. But I think there are some of the right things being thought about here. You know, you want effectively a proxy for your mainframe to interact with it in a friendlier way, right? Like with REST APIs, all that kind of stuff. So, starting from, you know, to translate a subset of the important requests for teachers, like our quotations.

\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: If we bring them up, I can take some of my time to examine them.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: If you have a question for Margaret, why don't you just post it on social media?\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Oh, just give me a minute.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: I don't want to bother you. Do you have any questions for me?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: No, that's all.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Just let me know, you know, what the rest is. Do you know about the... We can talk about it later, about the company and I can explain everything.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah, I think I...\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: I don't want to...\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: No, no, I read about you guys, right? I think, you know...\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: We will do everything for you, so it will be... I saw that. That's when I contacted you. Thank you so much for having me. I'll be in touch end of next week. Sounds good. Thank you. Have a great weekend. Bye, kids.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Hi, buddy. How are you? How are you? It's OK. I'm a little bit early. Do you want me to wait? No, no, no. Please wait.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Yeah, so if you want to take a crack and start so that you know you Scott, you can go over to Scott.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Hi, sorry.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Hi, nice to meet you. I love it. Yep, nice to meet you. Thank you so much for having me today.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yeah, no worries. I think what we are trying to do is, we are trying to expand this house.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Sorry, this used to be my office.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: So this is a bathroom.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: So what we want to do is we want to take the bathroom further out.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: So probably take the bathroom completely out and then go like another eight feet or so.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: And then build similar to this, right?\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Like your room here, right?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: You want to extend this one as well or not? Or just...\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: No, that other side, right? Want to extend it. So think of it like this. So what we want to do is, if you see that right, the bathroom. I want to extend that and then build a room here. And then another room here. Because this is already the entrance, right? That room is that the one you saw, right? It's already here. So probably right till here.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: And then build another room here another room here and then another floor on top of it with two bedrooms as well okay got it upstairs right with some stairs upstairs yes we're not touching that we're moving the bathroom and then building the bathroom here yes okay so two rooms bathroom and another two upstairs with uh no bathroom with one bathroom so the same same okay perfect on that side of the house okay did you check Did you talk to an architect?

 I'm assuming you can do it because you have space.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: I need an architect. That's why I call you guys. Because what I need is, I need somebody to create the plan for me, and then come up with the costing. Because the rooms, I think, similar size, right? What's the room for, if I may ask? So one of them is going to be my office room.