Um, from basically, you know, there, that way, um, all of this, and I don't know if we go, you know real hardwood floors or um we can figure out a few options yeah you prefer you prefer something that look the same tiny or wider you prefer wider like bigger planks bigger bigger yeah okay I think it looks nicer too wide though no yeah we're not getting you know you know beams it might be like six or six yes the standard wider the one like something like your mom or my mom has yeah yeah so that's I mean, let me try to think.

 If we don't knock out this wall, or excuse me, if we don't knock out this wall, what I'd like to do is take the kitchen counter and kind of wrap it around to here and create, you know, I don't know, like a coffee bar, office place to kind of put everything with shelving, that type of thing. So I think what, in my head, the way it would work is- You know what, maybe- New comes to here. Or something along those lines and the kitchen island comes to there.

\nParticipant 2: Maybe another option is to create a nice pantry from this space, like really big one, that you can have a lot of stuff. And then push the kitchen a bit towards here. And do it like you said, something here and here. That's completely fine by me. And then you would have also a wall here that can be used.\nParticipant 1: Yeah.\nParticipant 2: Or something like that. I don't know if you would be.\nParticipant 1: Yeah, no, absolutely. And then the island would be somewhere here.\nParticipant 2: And this can be the dining room or something like that. Yeah. I mean, there is a lot of options. It's a nice space, you know. We can run through options.\nParticipant 1: Yeah. I just wish that whoever built the house, why didn't they just, like, why, what's the purposes?\nParticipant 2: You know, when this house was built? 1949. Yeah, I know. And, and, um, look, this is for example, for sure an extension.\nParticipant 1: Oh no, this, this right here is the extension too.\nParticipant 2: This is also an extension.\nParticipant 1: I think this was the original.\nParticipant 2: So back, back in the days, they were thinking that all of those, It turns around, it's nice, it's modern, it's the way. And you see, we like it more like the paint here, like the bright, straight, nice. It's different, yeah. That's exactly right.\nParticipant 1: Well, I'd love to, I'd love to have, you know, if you think of this space, I mean, look, I would love to just extend it. It adds square feet. So I would calculate that, yeah. It adds square feet to the house, but it costs $500,000 to extend it.\nParticipant 2: No, no, no.\nParticipant 1: I'm just throwing a number out. No. But if it costs too much to throw a number at it, it's more cost efficient to get what we want.\nParticipant 2: It's not. It's not. It's like an island.\nParticipant 1: I was also thinking.\nParticipant 2: Can I go outside for half a second? Please, please, please, please.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Let me grab my sandals.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: I'd love to, yeah.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: You have one, two?\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: I have two.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Two?\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: I have a two-year-old and this guy is three weeks.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Wow.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: What I eventually want to do is instead of having this door right here.\nParticipant 1: I would like, I would love to put a sliding glass door somewhere here.\nParticipant 2: Bigger.\nParticipant 1: Bigger. And then also what I want to do is, this is just impossible to clean. So what we're doing, probably early next year, and maybe it coincides with this project as well, but we're going to cut down all the trees except for like the mango tree. We're going to put in level it and put in turf and a new fence that goes around the edge of it. Um, and what I really want is a sliding glass door here, a deck short that just basically goes to like, there's a door right over there.

\nParticipant 2: Yeah. On the height, right? You wanted that to be basically same height, same height as the house, basically like something like that. Exactly. Something that goes like, and then, and then, and I have to get down.\nParticipant 1: Look, this is not a huge extension, so I don't think it would be that crazy. Moving everything, everything, I mean, it looks like in good condition, nice that will be destroyed while moved well so that's that's kind of what my that's first and foremost the most important thing is doing the kitchen and then second and then again you know if the kitchen is $200,000 or $300,000 or whatever second would be I'll show you this that's the stairs Well, there are stairs that go down to that third bedroom.

 This was the garage previously. It was a carport. What I'd love to do is create a fourth bedroom slash office. That's this. And just this right here, this window right here is a hallway. And just extend the hallway or not. I don't even know what you would do, but extend the hallway to here and then have a fourth bedroom. And you could close this off, which I think would And then instead of having this door, you would have another door that is from the bedroom is what I would like, So there's kind of like, number one, figure out what's best to do with the kitchen, how much that costs.

 And then if it's not too crazy, maybe that much more while we're, you know, while we're out here, if we are extending, might as well go out and build the fourth bedroom. It already has a bathroom there, so we don't need an extra bathroom. The only thing we need is, you know, electrical and roof and all that stuff. So.\nParticipant 2: Okay. I can absolutely.\nParticipant 1: I wish we had like, I wish we had like a better idea in our head.\nParticipant 2: No, no.\nParticipant 1: Listen, that's, that's what we are doing. We've been here for a year. We kind of know what we want to fix.\nParticipant 2: We're doing interior design. We're in-house interior designers.