So I don't really want to mess with that. And I think if we can just, this side looks a little rougher, but for now, It's just going to be a soft wash cleaning and leave it as is.

48:13 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
That'll be a next year.

48:33 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
Solar roof?

48:34 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
Me and Chad GPT had a long talk about solar roofs the other day. He's like, it's only worth it if you're replacing the roof anyway. Okay, hope it's shot. We'll find out shortly. What's over there? That's the pool equipment.

48:57 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Yeah No, and you don't need to do that right now, you know in the future, but you don't need to do it right now Everything No, I agree with you.

49:39 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
You will need to replace the roof sometime in the future, yeah.

49:42 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, I mean, you can see. Yeah, I can see.

49:45 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
But it's, you know, eight to ten years. That's the time for a roof. If it's a good one, it lasts three or four years. Bit longer.

49:53 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
15, But I'm sure they didn't buy top of the line. From the way I can tell it, the roof. Just the way it was done. If it was done eight years ago and it's looking like that, they didn't do a stellar job.

50:10 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
I don't know though. I mean, Victoria backed me up there.

50:12 - Unidentified Speaker
I feel like a lot of the stuff that's in there was done very well.

50:15 - Unidentified Speaker
So it would surprise me if they cheated.

50:18 - Unidentified Speaker
I feel like these people spent a lot of money on when they did things.

50:23 - Unidentified Speaker
It could have been.

50:23 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
It could have been the kids doing it, because the parents were so old, and it was like, I'm only going to spend $10,000 on the roof, because my parents were 90. Yeah, right, exactly.

50:31 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
That makes sense. But like, the older stuff was a big problem. They spent a lot of money. Is there a door here? I just think it's locked. I've tried to get out this way. Oh, maybe not.

51:18 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
okay let's go back so ryan what are you thinking for the door here with the window downstairs do you want to close the window that window where's that window that window no that window is in a bed that bed There's a weird type of door right next to it. Depending on how layout works, there's a wall. The wall's right here.

52:00 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, the wall is right here.

52:06 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Would that be bad to have a little staircase with a window right there? It'd look kind of funny, huh?

52:13 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
Are you thinking about the door downstairs?

52:16 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
No, the window. That's the only window in that bedroom that's right next to the bathroom. If you move the door, it can't go there. Because if that's a... Then maybe we have to flip it.

52:28 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Maybe to put the bathroom... Yeah, on this side. And do the door here.

52:36 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
And leave the door here.

52:37 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
saves you some yeah it saves you on that it just cost you more on the plumbing so there we go it costs you 2,500 the plumbing all right thank you you can do like an open staircase you know if you like the idea and then you want to carry down the window like if you're doing the door here and do like brick staircase. Don't do like for wood, something nice, but then it won't block the window. That's the only choice that I can see.

53:16 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
We'll flip it around.

53:26 - Unidentified Speaker
Anything else?

53:29 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
I'll say aesthetic-wise, the floors, I'm leaning towards the laminate in a white oak-esque color. The kitchen cabinets, my wife would really like white oak, at least definitely on the bottom, depending on the configuration. Maybe a combo white oak up top with white.

54:00 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Do you know which materials you want for the cabinets? We have a couple of options, but I'm sure you looked at the website you saw. Everything looks amazing.

54:14 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
The countertops, the non-island countertops, solid surface or quartz. We are entertaining the idea for the island to maybe do like a leathered stone.

54:26 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
But we'll have to see. Like if we don't do a dark stone. Because I would think I want to do like a white quartz-y on the main. I just don't know. We'll have to see.

54:39 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Yes, that's the design and also countertop because there's so much variety over there and the cost is so variable. So we leave it out? From the proposal usually? Because it really depends on the material. Fabrication and installation, like that there's no issues, you know, it's exactly how much, that's it. We do the installation, everything.

55:07 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
So when you guys put together this proposal, it's gonna have no materials in it or you'll have...

55:12 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Some of the materials, like baseboards, for example, like rough materials, kitchen... It's not going to have any...