So it'll, because this is all shifting, right?

12:04 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Like you have, you'll have your, your rig, your rig We can do everything, but the thing is, if we're doing something like that...

12:15 - Unidentified Speaker
If your fireplace and couch is here...

12:17 - Unidentified Speaker
I understand what you're saying, but we can maybe take it a little bit up, as much as possible.

12:28 - Unidentified Speaker
What makes sense, yeah.

12:29 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
We need definitely structural engineering, no question asked.

12:33 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
It might not architecturally be that aesthetically We can open it and see how much time we can take it. I think the structural engineer is going to have to look at these partitions to see if we need any beams or lambeams.

12:49 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
Ryan, another question.

13:04 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, definitely.

13:10 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
I would like to keep this all one level.

13:13 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
So these floors need to be the same height?

13:17 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
No other difference. Just raise this up. You can see in the basement. Oh, I want to raise it.

13:21 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
You don't want to lower it if it's possible.

13:24 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Box out over this, so this was probably lower from the beginning. So I don't think that is. Yeah, because this is, this is, you can I'm seeing the basement. There's a possible difficult. Just some new joists and stuff for, um, new front doors. Maybe a Jack and Jill or something, but maybe in one scenario it would be, um, like this comes out if, if it, and then when we talk about, yeah, enlarge the two bathrooms, again depending on it depending on what currently laundry and then two small baths okay our thought would be that the laundry is moving over here and large to do two baths for now I think let's stick with this because all the all the ruffings in the same place rougher move bathrooms to kind of make an ensui on this side or in like this comes out so it's current um possibly I guess shifting the corridor and reframing this but yeah you don't have a ton of yeah you're right about that about the exterior budget wise there is a scenario where she would rather I mean it's gonna be multiple six figures I just wanna you know help you do the greenhouse so that's what I'm asking so I mean what is What is, do you guys look at your projects on like a square foot base, or like, how do you guys do it?

15:04 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
It really depends on the scope, you know. If you do a pull guard, it's something else. If you do extension, obviously it's something else. If you move the pipes, it's something else, you know. So you have to move, you know, the kitchen. Everything can be done. It's just a matter of cost.

15:24 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
So, are you around Yeah, that's what I think on the inside it's probably in that range easily. And then...

15:37 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
But you have a 5% discount.

15:40 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Oh, I forgot about that, yes.

15:42 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
So that's amazing for you. And I will try to help you whatever I can so you have the option to do everything that you want. And I love the idea. Because I think it would be wonderful to do like a suite with a bathroom. So I'm going to help you to do that.

16:00 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
Let's see.

16:01 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, let's see.

16:02 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, I think it will be better because you're not going to. I don't like the land. And I literally bought a house six months ago, a half a mile down the road.

16:11 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
And what happened? What do you like, To do this renovation in two years again? Or three years?

16:17 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
That's why I think it's better to do whatever you want to do. We're in this spot because I bought a house from a developer. I don't like the lot, but the lot is at max build limit. So I need variances for anything. The lot's too small. It's only got a single car detached garage. The lot, I found out after we bought it. So this came on the market, flat lot, full already. That's crazy. This is amazing.

16:40 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
Can I take it? It's so huge. Oh my God. I know, isn't it? It's amazing. It's amazing.

16:46 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
So bedrooms, all the studs. So that way we can just clean up the wiring. You know I don't think I have one vision where I was like you know what just strip everything down if we got to move anything and then reshot resheet rocket because the inspection is going to tell me if I have to replace them or not. All of the AC units are in the basement. And they're feeding up within the walls.

17:13 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
I don't care if it's in the walls necessarily. I will have to see the inspection report once you get it, okay?

17:22 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, yeah, absolutely. It will be easier for me to see if there's any issues that we need to address. So you can see, like, the bathrooms are just tiny. I figure we're moving the laundry room.

17:39 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Do you want a bath or walk-in shower for the kids?

17:46 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, I think...

17:48 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
I didn't think about that. I'm gonna do one and one. You can play with it. It doesn't matter. We can switch. You can always switch.