Um and I would like to kind of start the renovations while I'm not in here. Yes, that's better. First thing I'm like really Want a kitchen island.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Okay.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: So I'm sure it can happen without like knocking anything down, but I'm like, if it's possible to open at least this up just so that because I would love the light coming into the island and it'd be a little bit longer. Um I'm still I'm sure there's gonna have to be like a support. Yeah, yeah, it's terrible. Even I don't even know if like this can come out just to open up a little bit too. I don't know if that's worth it, but That's why.

 That's why. Okay. Well then, no. Just that first fine. Yeah. Um Do you want to replace the kitchen or do you just want an island? So here's the thing. I do really like the kitchen the way it is now. Mm-hmm. Um the island though, I obviously want it to match and I'm like, I don't know if I necessarily like this quartz for the island.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Yeah.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Um so I really wanted to see what you guys think. I'm not a big fan of just a white kitchen. I think it looks really nice and really clean. Um but I would like maybe just some cosmetic changes to it. Um but I feel like it's it's such so well cared for. Don't know if it's necessary to like gut it, you know. Yeah.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: With the cabinets it's not an issue because it's white. It's white shape.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Yeah, it's pretty simple that it's It's pretty simple. Yeah. My cut is the handle.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Do you know the handles? Where are they from I'm sure I could figure it out. Yeah.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Um, because the bake a picture and everything, yeah.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Yeah.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: The sellers were also extremely like helpful, so it might be possible that they know. Yeah. Um, but yeah, I mean, for the island, I really like like a waterfall island.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Okay.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: And again, it's just like for it to match, I don't know if it'd be silly to have something else, but I don't really love this for an island.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Because the kitchen cabinet looks beautiful.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: It does.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: I would replace the counter.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: So you think try to keep the cabinets and replace the countertops? Maybe the backsplash. You did? Yeah, it's not my style. But it really is very nice that it feels silly to be like It's nice.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: You don't need to replace it. Right. If you're doing if you're doing uh a counter, you should.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Yes.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Okay, no, I agree. Yeah, yeah, definitely. Maybe we can do like slab backsplash if you consider or we can just do like tile backsplash however you feel comfortable with that. Yeah. And I think we also need backsplash over that.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Yes, I agree.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Yeah.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Um now I don't know about the countertop, it will block a little bit, you know that, right?
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Yeah, yeah.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: That's fine.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Um and you want it here.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Yeah.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Yeah, I think centrally like between here and I obviously don't want appliances opening up and like being in the way of it.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Um no, but to start from here.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Yeah. Yeah.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Um now let me know what you think about this. I would really love to be able to walk in and see the kitchen. Okay. So what I was kind of thinking is like, can we take this portion of the wall out, just add another ring? And also like take out this wall if possible. Because again, I just I feel like it'd be so nice to be able to see open space, right?
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah, I love the concept.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Yeah.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Yeah, the dribble. Yeah, you can drive one. Yeah. Okay.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Yeah.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Okay.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yeah, we just will need to reallocate everything that you have. Like you have outlets here, you have the control panel for the A C.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Yeah, we're just gonna relocate that.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Uh we need to see what's I'm not sure that we can take that out. Okay. The drywall we can, but maybe not here. So if it will be yeah, if it will be only a column, you'll be okay with it, no? Yeah, yeah. Okay, and we can find a different place for that, maybe over there. Yeah. Okay.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Um this will be the formal dining room. Originally I was Like, I wish I could take this wall out, but it extends into the garage and plus there's all of this here. No. I know. It's just not possible.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: No, and that makes sense. I think even without the walls, my like first priority is island. And I think that's probably the easiest of the things, right? Yes. Yes. Um, okay. Because I don't mind like cosmetically, this isn't bothering me.