Participant 1: We're doing well. Eran, yes. Nice to meet you. I'm Ryan.\nParticipant 2: Hi, Ryan. I'm... Hi, how are you? I'm recording, meaning transcripting the conversation, if you don't mind. Shoes off?\nParticipant 1: Are they dirty?\nParticipant 2: Not dirty, but I don't mind. Sure. Yeah, that's fine. Thanks. My wife also knows. I'm not so much used to it. Well, it's tough to keep the house clean with two little boys. But it's fine. So, come on in. This is the main... Space that you wanted. Problem area. Yeah. So, we bought the house a year ago. And... We... Yeah, we just...\nParticipant 1: I really hate this kitchen. The floors, you can see the cabinets here. I'll turn some lights on. The cabinets are, well, they are chipping here, here, here. Like the doors are chipping. It's just cheap.\nParticipant 2: So you want to do a whole new kitchen?\nParticipant 1: A whole new kitchen, but this is my, this is my kind of question or yeah, basically question. We would like to get rid of the galley style kitchen because both my wife and I want a kitchen island. And so I would love to blow out this wall and extend the kitchen potentially to match this wall or even behind. But obviously that costs a lot of money. So that's kind of my first thought that when we bought the house, that was what I was envisioning in my head.

 And as we've kind of lived in the house, we've also thought maybe we could blow out this wall that is structural. And I mean, it's- What is structural? This? Yeah, I'm pretty sure it is. I mean, just given the width of it. Yeah, but listen. Well, yeah, basically this entire wall and kind of put a big kitchen island here. Right. You know, would that look weird? When you walk in from the front door and there's just the kitchen right there, I don't know.

 And so I defer to you on, is that gonna be odd?\nParticipant 2: No, first of all, it's going to be done in a way that it's gonna look well. I mean, first of all, maybe you can do the kitchen Like, let's say here, right? You open here. And then... Then it's gonna be maybe island here and then the dining here.\nParticipant 1: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Something like that. That's gonna be done. In my head, I have a lot of things in my head, but in my head, the kitchen island was pretty big.\nParticipant 2: Yeah, you want the big, yeah, yeah, yeah.\nParticipant 1: Where it kind of eats into this big, big, big space. But also we still have enough room to, I mean, obviously our kid, you know, plays here. But in two years, when he's, two or three, four years, when they're done playing in the little tent, you know, we can put in a nice kitchen table or formal dining room table, that type of thing.\nParticipant 2: Oh, I'll do the extension, which is not a huge extension, so... I'm not...\nParticipant 1: No, but the, all the electrical and the air is right there yeah and the main pipe for the house is right underneath here in the in the crawlspace so it's it's not I mean no it's not a huge extension you know it probably adds 50 square feet but I think there's a lot of you know a lot of to do's yeah a lot of things that require permits and time everything would require permits that doesn't make a difference yeah even if we go that direction it would require a permit.

\nParticipant 2: Miami is very strict. Even if we will just change something, you know, faucet, sinks, they will require a permit. So... The faucet? Yeah.\nParticipant 1: I just installed that like a week ago. Okay. I didn't get a permit.\nParticipant 1: No, that's for sure.\nParticipant 1: No, I know what you mean.\nParticipant 2: I mean, if I want to come in and do things, you know what I mean?\nParticipant 1: No, I know what you mean.\nParticipant 2: But I'm saying, so maybe we're going to run kind of both options, right?\nParticipant 1: I would love to have both options. Yeah.\nParticipant 2: See what's the cost. Permits will be permits. You would need permits. So you would be able to think for yourself which direction you want to take it with only budget in mind. Right? Because everything else will be approximately the same time. Okay. Yeah. And okay. So, and now you want to replace the floors also, I guess?\nParticipant 1: Yeah. We want to replace the floors in the entire house. In the entire house. Outside of that. We have a third bedroom slash office down the stairs over there. Leave those floors the way they are. They're fine. But floors, I'm pretty sure these floors extend underneath and they just built on top of it.\nParticipant 2: Oh, yeah.\nParticipant 1: But and it doesn't really bother me like a little step up, but the floors themselves. OK, you see, they're just impossible to clean. And we have a two year old that spills everything he touches.\nParticipant 2: Yeah. I mean, that's it is what that's. Yeah. It's a very natural stone. Yeah. Yeah. We hate them.\nParticipant 1: So.\nParticipant 2: that they're supposed to, but yeah, it doesn't fit the stage in your life and the goals now and everything.\nParticipant 1: Yeah. So we want, that room is probably, I mean, I doubt it's right. It's probably feet 2000 of, um, new hardwood floors throughout the entire house.