The timeline for various renovations was discussed, indicating that some improvements could be deferred.

TRANSCRIPT EXCERPT:
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Unfortunately, I don't think we're going to be able to salvage the molding just because of all the walls that we're moving on this floor. Yeah, I mean there's not much, layout wise, not much keeping on this floor. Correct. This is technically like powder room. And then, um, here, to make the kitchen bigger. This is basically still pantry. In here, we're going to move this wall back to our full kitchen.

 Again, so it's all new floors. Again, we can't really...
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Yeah, we would want crowns. We would really salvage the molding.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Yeah, but you can, if you really like... But I'm just talking about salvaging. We're going to keep it here. This is going to be the... The kitchen wall. Fireplace, then move this one upstairs. But we are going to get rid of it.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 3: Just to introduce, first of all, Zach.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 3: Yeah, we've met.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Fireplace operable? Ideally, but we haven't done any scoping yet. Just one second. We have an architect and a designer.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Sebastian is VP Construction, also new here. And I understand while we walk through, where we're at the stage of pre-application.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: I'm the owner of the company.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Just a question, just so we're in the...
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: The architect, I don't know if I mentioned to you, she's from Sawyer Burston, so she's great. And she also does projects on the side of the company. And that's Alex. Our designer is John Bambek and he came from a fancy design firm and started his own. So we have an amazing architect, an amazing designer, we need an amazing contractor. We're meeting them on Friday to go through the next version. Started doing like finishes, elevations, not yet but that's like next.

 The way they kind of see it is she's very thorough so like we did a townhouse duplex reno over on K Street and our architect there I want to say did like 30 pages of maps. She's expecting like a hundred pages for the whole thing. I have no idea what that means but I can imagine means when you get in here then like you know literally exactly everything. Correct so her point is we can get a little bit more than this for pricing but we need to start pricing and figuring out who we're going to work with we wanted to bring a contractor earlier knowing that like there might be some variability as we go through this process but also we're looking to you guys for guidance as well like okay if this version is going to be double the price, then we'll adjust, we'll change.

 So that, yeah, I think that's, we're looking for like a construction loan. We're doing a construction loan, we're on a budget, that is what it is. We have a fire escape on the back, so she's going to do a CCD1 to just let, and she's gonna just start submitting plans because the first thing she was saying, and start the process to get rid of that, so we can't do, she was saying we can't do exterior until that's approved, probably won't be until February, but she said interior work, you could do that if you want.

 It's up to you guys, exterior she's gonna self-cert, so if you wanted to manager and do the demo and interior.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: She knows about that all the landmark application they can start. That's going to be doing anything significant. I just wanted to see if we don't have, we don't have a little bit, especially in the currency. Yeah.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Um, but again, we're not doing this is the only one that we're going to open fully. Yeah. Yes. They haven't, um, again, I guess we've tried certain things.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: that it stops before you continue?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Well, it needs all new systems. There is a sprinkler system in Harlem. So it was approved, never installed. So the incoming thing, there's an incoming thing. You have a main from the street? Yes. Two new staircases, this one and the one to the roof. So come on in. But then it is not hooked up to anything. So again, I forget how many sprinkler head sheets. There's a beam there that looks like it needs a little bit of fixing.

 So this is a new steel staircase. So there's potentially... So that's something we'd pull out in certain parts if we're over budget. The basement does need all new flooring. You wanna go downstairs? Yeah, let's take a look down here.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 3: Yeah, I know, it is in pretty good shape down here.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: All the concrete and everything. Again, millwork is a question of whether or not we can afford it this round, to be honest. You know, that area. Let me tell you, these people just bought...
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Yeah, we'll talk about it later, because...
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: I don't want that.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: 140 wetness on the other side, because that's important. If you do, again, from doing a lot of...
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: The back, you can see, like, so the... Yeah.