There's a bunch of rules, so we're going to have to finagle some of this stuff.

 But basically, I have my priorities that I would like to hit, and I'm also wondering about stuff like if the floor is at all possible to be movable or not, whether you're going to have So there's questions like this as well, but those are just stuff that I don't know anything about. So I have, I'll show you my ideal floor plan, which is flexible in that if somebody were like, yeah, you can't do that or whatever, that's OK.

 But basically, I would love to have at least three bedrooms instead of two, and to have none of them be en suite. So they're all accessible. And then I'd also like to, basically, here's approximately what I would like to look at. Possible, which is, you know, these roofs there are the same. I'm going to be able to move these from this way to that way. It looks like a walk-in closet in the middle. I think it would be nice.

 And then I've got the current office there. This is currently a bathroom that goes up three-quarters of the additions. I would like this to be two, just so we can have three bathrooms instead of two. I've got a large family, people coming for the holidays. It's helpful to have that sort of thing. So that's like, this is an ideal sort of thing. And then in terms So in terms of actual preferences, my first preference is open up the kitchen, because right now it's very small.

 Second would be, like the bathroom right now, looks like you have a bunch of mold and like a broken tile that is dangerous and damaged. I don't know. So got to fix that. Then there's, I think for now, two bathrooms accessible, right? Which is going to say right now, one of them is on suite, one of them is not. But two accessible areas, very great. And then, yeah, these bedrooms from this way, And then, if possible, I'd like to have three toilets.

 Better than not, is three full baths. And then there's this office that I think would be nice, too, just because, as I mentioned, large family situations, it's nice to be able to have a little number of those things. So that would be this thing. Now, I'm really looking at random restrictions in New York City. Like, that one might not be a legal bedroom. Yeah, it's more of a den. Exactly. So these are questions where it's just like, what will be doable?

 Will not be, what will they be like, that's not a den, you're trying to make another bed, you know, like this sort of thing.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: So, I'll ask Peter in the end, what would be helpful? Yeah, no, well, firstly, you have, she's like, thought about this a lot. Sure. Which is helpful. Yeah. Yeah, I think like, frankly, well, let's have a look around, let's see where sort of, so the kitchen is gonna be in here. Yeah.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Okay, so the kitchen, This wall here, we're trying to keep it open.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: So, if possible, right now there's a bathroom through here, right?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: And so this is currently en suite. We'd love to shorten this, make it open that way. And then we've got a second one here that opens maybe that way, say. And then you can have two open things. This is the like, little den. Exactly. Then there would be like, you know, this bedroom is approximately the same, but it has a wall here instead. Okay. Yeah, that makes sense.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: That's the shape of it. As long as, like, one of the more challenging things to do when it comes to renovating New York City is the concept of wet, mug, and dry. We've shown that before. As long as you, generally, as long as you keep wet rooms...
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Yeah, so the place where it is, that's where it is, all of these things.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: That's definitely a more complex thing when it comes to renovating spaces like this, especially from an approval perspective. Building is all physical stuff. It's all physically good.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: It's very easy to live in, you don't have to live in a big easy house.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Sure, it's permanently approved. Permanent approvals, all that kind of stuff.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: So you're part of the design and build, is that right? So basically, I have to look at the space and move in on the little wraps around, right? I've arrived at, oh, this is what I would like to do. This is what I think is the right way to do it. But what I really want is the, like, I'd like for there to be three bathrooms, ideally, and all publicly accessible, ideally, right? But if somebody said, we can't come through there for two reasons, either there's a pipe that runs through there, some sort of issue, or if somebody were like, you can't do that because you can't run a bathroom that opens into a kitchen, I'd be like, okay, are there other ways for us to try to make this work?

 Is that something where you guys have a designer who will work through that and update this in some way or how does that work?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Exactly, so you're going to have to engage an architect on this, legally. So an architect, typically the preferred way that we work on projects is because we are considered a design-built firm, in-house design. We also have a lot of partners that we work with and have for many, many years. We like, try and connect a team. Again, one of our partner architects, not in-house, legally. So we would recommend, unless you have a preferred architect yourself, keep that architect working directly with us and our designers.

 So we work all together to come up with a design. We make the modifications to the layouts, et cetera.