Now, an alternate way of going is to work with an architect, come up with a set of plans, because this basically is what you want, correct? For the most part.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Like, it is with an asterisk of, like, I don't know the code. I don't know the restrictions. You know? And so if somebody were, like, what I would like to have is, you know, like, this list, right? With an open kitchen, ideally three bathrooms, you know, these things. And using this space, here's what seems reasonable to me. If this is what I know, like, I'd be excited. If somebody told me, we can't do this because it turns out on Tuesdays you can't have a kitchen that opens a bathroom that has a can opener in it, I'd be like, well, it's Tuesday, so I guess we can't do that.

 But that's kind of the shape of it. I'm happy to share this with you, because I have a list of everything I'm trying to do. And it has from my inspection report to my Pinterest board. I'm trying to make it easy for you all. But within this, my goal, for example, is to match my number of bedrooms and non-bedroom rooms. The way I'm implementing that is, here's what it looks like, But if you were like, ah, we can't do this because they're not going to let this exist without anything, I'd be like, well, is it possible for us to not have this opening so that it's just a walk-in closet shared by this?

 And then we don't necessarily get a price for this, but we make it.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: I don't know how this is done, but that's the shape I'll share this with you, and it should have everything that you want.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: But if you said, actually, instead of having a washer-dryer here and a bathroom here, we can make there be three bathrooms by being washer-dryer here, bathroom here, bathroom here, bathroom there, and be like 100% in dark hair, we'll take it from there.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Yeah, so look, the reality is the way that I'm going to price it is I'm going to put all these things in here, and there is going to be some further determining we need to do based on what's going to be improved, but I think the goal is, and one of the benefits of approaching a project to be priced out with a GC first, rather than with an architect, is I can basically say, this is what I can do, I can build it for this cost, and that's what we're gonna save.


Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: And that price isn't gonna go up.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: And when we work with my architect, I say, look, this is what we're trying to do, we don't need to go to the budget. One, let's design this so that we can actually fit within the budget. And if there is alternate ways that we need to achieve the scope, well, we can do that. But again, we don't need it to go over that way. It's a good way.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: It's cost control. What would be helpful for me now? I don't know if there's anything else here.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Yeah, I'm just going to do a walk around.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: I'm going to take a scan, video, and I'm hanging out. If I can be helpful, let me know. But you would know better than I do. The only thing I should point out is when I'm the super and The cellar is ambient.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Moe had told me it's the only structural wall.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: That's in quotes.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: And it's not structural in a, hold up, the building structural. What they mean when they say this is that there's some sort of vent in here that you can't fuck with. And so every other wall, one could knock down or whatever.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: But this one apparently has some vent that's going everywhere. Perfect. Other things like, this room, if we're trying to keep out frogs, and you're interested in redoing the doors, and you're interested in redoing the closet and the shelves, talking about some new lighting, new window sills, things of that sort.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: For all of these, my answer is going to be, ideally, I don't want it to look bad. I don't have, like, I don't even know what excellent looks like versus good. And so as long as it's like, you know, simple example, if you were like, Like, this is obviously discordant from the one that's over there, and that's just weird and awkward, and people notice and it's bad. I'd be like, yeah, we should do something different.

 It's like, the cheapest way to do this is this, and we're gonna do them all in this cheapest way.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: I mean, like, excellent choice.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Love that. You know, so, okay. Perfect, yep, amazing. Now, question for you. Do you, like, we spoke about some numbers. Do you have pricing expectations for this?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: My pricing expectations are that I'm talking with different people and trying to understand how this works. And then we'll figure it out based on that. Because there have been, I spoke with one person who was like, what's your budget? And I said, that's not how I'm thinking about this. And I think that's because I'm not doing a luxury thing. If I were doing a what's the best we can do for a million dollars of a renovation, maybe that's it.

 But here, she refused to even quote me approximate any price. And I'm like, then this isn't going to be a good fit. Because it's like, I'll tell you, here's the sort of thing that I'm looking to do. I know we can spend more money. There's no question there. But like, you know, if you're like, this material to do a whole place, this material would be $8 a square foot. This material would be $4 a square foot.

 And I'm like, is the only difference cosmetic? And you're like, cosmetic? Man, this one lasts 50 years.