We also coordinate with the architect to build the probing, to do all the interior wall inspections to determine...
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: So, your role with the farm is...
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: I do the project set up, essentially.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Okay. Like, not product management, but like, free... Free construction. Okay. I've been doing this for 20 years.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Since I was 15 years old. Okay. So, strictly residential construction. Arguably, my job is more important than anyone else's because I set the project up for it to exist. But yeah, anyway, very important to... Yeah. Truly, it's very important to set up without poor success, I build a proposal, that is a source of truth for six, eight months for the entire project to be completed.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: And so on that topic, six, eight months, when you're thinking about doing this sort of a renovation, what works into that timeline?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: So we've kind of broken it down into two stages. Well, in this case, are you in contract with us? Yes. In this case, we we break it down to three phases. So we've got two phases in pre-construction and one in construction. The first phase is the contract phase. Like, you literally being in contract, there's a lot that you can do before you've been officially done with it. Engage an architect, assemble an alteration package, basically gathering the necessary documentation that we can submit to the building as soon as you formally close.

 The second stage is the architect assembling the drawings, submitting to the building, for review, approval, once that is reviewed, approved, we get the green light, we submit to the Department of Buildings. Once we get the Department of Building approval, then we pull the permits. So, depending on how long you're in contract, that's a flex time, I'm not sure how long. December 15th is closed date.

 December 15th is closed date, okay. So then, after that, depending on how long, is this a call? Yes. Okay. We usually see buildings like this take somewhere between four to six weeks for a plan set, review and approval. Obviously this one might take a little bit longer because we're trying to add additional rooms. So call it two months is realistic. And then once we get the green light, we submit it to DOB.

 Is going to take 20 days, four weeks. And then we call the firm to send out a week. So realistically, from when you become the owner, Best case scenario, you're looking at sort of between two and a half, three months before we can actually start construction. And then depending on the extent of the work that we do in here, based on the very little work that's in here, you're looking at about four months construction, maybe five months.

 So all together, you're looking at that.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: And thinking about pricing, you know, like for the sort of thing you were doing, how does that break down in terms of cost?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: What's the square footage? Between 1,300 and 1,400. Yeah. So that'd be three bedrooms, sorry, three bathrooms, one kitchen, three bedrooms?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Three bedrooms.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: So three bathrooms.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: One, two, three.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Three full bathrooms. Three bathrooms, and then a kitchen would be knocked down the wall, and then a kitchen. And then movies over there. Those are the kind of stage.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: And then when we think of the level of detail that we're doing here, do you want to replace walls? Do you consider an intervention?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: I think my answer for probably 95% to 98% of topics is going to be, I don't really care. I don't want it to look really bad, but I'm fine going if they're ever cheapest. If it could last for a long time, that would be great. If you're like, ah, we can do this thing that'll last for three years, I'd get the other one. But I don't care about the aesthetics, necessarily. I don't care super much about the material.

 Within that constraint. OK.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: So budget's important to you. You want also, I mean, you do a lot of work in here, so I'm sure resale's going to be important to you, depending on.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Probably planning on living here 30, 40 years. This is a racist kid's home. Cool. Yeah.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: OK. Nice place.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: It seems like there's a lot of kids in the building, right?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Yeah. Look, you're going to be somewhere between $3.50 to $4.50.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: And that's labor and top cost, or including materials?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: I suspect probably close to $500 in. Materials, but that's it, like, I'll do the very detailed.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: And the process of this is we go through the design, the design process, and at that point it's like the price is pretty much locked of like, ah, we know this is what we're doing, here's how much it's going to cost?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: No, so I will essentially get you a proposal, today is Monday, by the end of the week, and then that can essentially be the source of truth for the entire project.