Conference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: the conversation, so it's helping us understand better the project later and estimate it and plan it and all of that. That's fine. Actually, I was coming, I was checking if I'm in the right place because this looks nice. I don't know what's to do here. Well, we need to redo our kitchen. Okay. Do you mind if I put my bag here?\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: No, please put your bag wherever you like, So the kitchen, okay. The kitchen. We bought this house 25 years ago. So this was all four Micah counters. There was a Miele stove oven here. The microwave was here. There was no oven. I think this was more drawers. Anyway, so we got new, something like that. But now, you know, watch out. Anyway, so we got new doors that are falling off and it's the layout is terrible.

 New counters, new appliances, new sink and everything like in 2007 or 8. So when my wife takes something out of the refrigerator she'll work on it here but then I'll need to get oh honey excuse me I need a some silverware or everything's in the It's just, if it's one person.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: I like to describe it a little bit different. Yeah. The layout was great for a certain time in life.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: For one person. And now. Now it's no good. It's different. Yeah.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: That's like,\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 3: I don't mind. What he's complaining about is not mine. I don't find saying, excuse me. You know, so.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: Yeah.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: So we, we don't use this. We call this the T. It's like a T. A letter T. It's terrible. So I'm thinking, um, make a new island. Okay. From maybe like, instead of starting the island here, start the island, maybe not here, but maybe here.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: Okay.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: Be like about this big.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: Wider.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: Yeah, wider and a little bit longer too. A little bit longer. Okay. And then we could have seating, maybe that seats that way, maybe seating that goes this way. Storage, microwave, dishwasher, I'm thinking of moving the sink to here, the stove oven to here, but we have this glass here, I don't know, with a stove oven there, maybe it always get dirty or just clean it, I don't know. Was that an issue?

\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: You mean instead of finding a way to make it act like a... Like a wall. Oh, I see, yeah. Because the only thing that is like the oil, you know, if you cook and the oil is a little bit... Right. So then it's... But listen, even the wall, you need to clean. Maybe we can make the window a little bit higher to prevent that or something. Yeah, I'm not...\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Okay, just looking at the layout, do you see the necessity of...\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Necessity is...\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: It is what we want. I understand, but in your...\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: I, by coincidence, also like to cook, and I cook, and I went to cooking school, because it's my hobby. Oh, great. Just my hobby. So...\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: The feeling of the space.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: For the space? Look, I get the island, and that it's not usable, and that all things are there. What you were saying is that kind of a normal design. It's called triangle. Right. Right. Usually like a refrigerator, stove, oven, something like sink, something like that. It's can be the triangle can be the other way around, could be that way. Right. It's the right way, which a lot of people are not doing, but that's considered.

 I'm okay cooking without the triangle. Right. What do you mean?\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 3: Most people are not doing it this way? The other way?\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: No, no, no. There is some rule in design of kitchen that's called triangle. Meaning, you see, like, refrigerator is here, stove is here, ovens are here. Right?\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: That's the triangle.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: Yeah, but you can have, it's the other way around. It's fine. You can have it also refrigerated here, stove is here. And sink is here, right? You can have that, it's fine. People doing most of that. What I'm saying is like, you need to, I get, this I get, this I totally get. Yeah, it's just a waste of space. You know, it's a lot of space. It's not that you're gonna host a group of people on that table, right?

 On that counter. Right. And when it comes to, you know, if you're doing all of that, I would move the island a bit further, give you more space.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: Yes, it's a little too close.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: Give you more space over here, feel more spacious, more comfortable.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: That's what Carly has, more space. It's just a little bit more and it makes such a difference.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: You can do something nice because you said you want to have like also sittings around. You know, I don't know if you're so make make it's a bit a bit a bit maybe to look make it to walk I mean, maybe Maybe make it a bit higher and then do seats that are lower around that. Okay, like double You know what? I mean like double counter that's gonna be nice and comfortable More comfortable than sitting on high chairs and things like that.

\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: Okay.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: Oh, I see what you're saying Yeah, so two heights you're saying Yes, let's say this is the walking island and then you have extension here, somewhere here. That would be the height of the table.