And it will go around, right? I don't think I want that.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: You don't want that?\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: We'll worry about that after.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: No, I'm just saying there is a lot of things to do.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: Yeah, I understand what you're saying. But it all depends on what we wanted. Yeah. And what about the floor?\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: The floor?\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: It's nice, but I mean if you want to refresh it because you want something different.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: No, you want to refresh it.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: No, not refreshing, but underneath it is...\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Also, the floor was refinished, and underneath all this stuff, it's not refinished. It's raw, I think. Right.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: So, if we're making the thing, the island bigger... It covers all that. There is no issue. Right. If we would want to make it smaller... That's an issue. It's not, it's... You will need to match it, and it will be meh. But if you're not going that direction, you wanna make it bigger, that's not an issue. Right.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: But over here, so if we make the island bigger, and we get rid of the rest of this, you're gonna have a raw floor that would just have to be matched. Which we can do, somebody can say.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: Yeah, I can tell you that I did it a few times, Including in my house, a little bit. It's hard to make it come perfect.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: Here, so this, I just took this. This is in, because this is hollow. That's the floor. It's like a whitewash. It's the old finish underneath there. And then underneath here, so I think the floor's just finished and whitewashed, so they just have to... That's the least of the possibilities. What else you want to do? There's other things that you want to do? A bathroom, our master bathroom.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: Want to look at that? You want to look at that? Yeah, yeah.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 3: The only other thing while we're here is there's the pantry, which is...\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: Yeah, so here's what we were thinking. And again, when you come to the design phase, this is our whole pantry. So I don't like bending down. And this, so we're thinking, if everything's getting, if you take a dishwasher, a microwave, and that gets put in the island, maybe this is a pantry.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: Yes, that can be a nice pantry with one of those things that come out on wheels that you don't need to take the whole thing out because you want something from behind. And that's very comfortable. That's an upgrade. That's a useful upgrade. I think you have at least two options that I see. Great. Like that one is here, like you said. We need your feedback. And the other one is also here. If you are willing to lose the window, then you can do that whole space.

\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: Then you can move a refrigerator even over. Just lose this window. If you're willing to.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 3: I don't care about this window.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: That's true. That's a good point. I really like that window. You can do a very nice pantry over here.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: Yeah, out of the way, it's not like right there.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: But leave the refrigerator there, you think? I would, yes. I mean, if you make this wall solid, you actually could. Think about it like that. Okay.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: What you open the door more? The refrigerator or the pantry? Most probably the refrigerator. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So you want the refrigerator...\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: More convenient.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: Closer to everything else.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: Okay. Makes sense. Pantry, you open, but a little bit less. Right. Carly's Pantry is a whole room you walk around to get to. But here you can create a phenomenal island with like something go out, maybe even two. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I like the pantry better here than over there.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: Okay, then we can do something else. I'll show you the...\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 3: Where are you from Originally?\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: Originally? Israel.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: Oh, great.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: when I moved 15 years ago to New York. And lately I spend more time here. I'm here most of the time. Right. Come from the side. And what else? Look, it's nice. We can add a little bit accessories maybe. No?\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 3: And what about storage for...\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: So if you want to add storage here, resume. Yeah. It's going to be that. You're going to have bigger storage over here. You can make something here. Yeah. Like down here, I don't know.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: More permanent, maybe more like... It's awesome, yeah.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: No, I mean, it's still strong, it's still there.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Work for like a piece of furniture.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Yeah, that will work.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: It would match, yeah.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: It's still safe.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Correct.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: So I'm not sure, this need to be replaced.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: It's due to be replaced, yeah.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 3: He's talking about design.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: But the layout, we love it. And let me spend more time here. And maybe putting a tub in there. No, I don't want a tub in there.