Okay, that's fine.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: But I'm saying...\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: But it wasn't in the time. No, it was this one. A little small tile.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 3: It's not dated. You like that, you know, you would keep... The depth, you mean? The depth of this. Oh, I love the whole feel of it. It's a big shower. Like extending the glass.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 3: A little area, so...\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: Right, no, we kind of like it in a shower spot. If you put the tub over here, you can take more photos.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 3: What if it wasn't this?\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: The new one? Right here? Correct. What do you think?\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 3: Somebody was saying that this is like lost space.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: What's lost space?\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: This.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: All the tiles on the floor.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: Oh, all the tiles. We completely redo the lighting. You know what would happen when we want to... Oh, I think it has to be the fixtures, the mirrors.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: I can get you an estimate and a proposal for both. So, that's a nice bathroom.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: Nice bathroom, very dated. Make this longer. Longer. And a Toto toilet.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: So that's it. Yeah. This is even good.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Bathroom, why not?\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: Absolutely.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Right?\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: I mean, you just need to update it.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: New. New. New counter. New everything. Playout is amazing. If you have the space and you can spend it on the bathroom. You want to make the cabinet longer, bigger. It's beautiful. It's nice.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: It's a nicely laid out bed.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: Now the kitchen, you don't want to replace it. Let's look at it again. Absolutely. Go ahead.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: We want to replace everything.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: Everything. I'm in the bathroom.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: Okay, okay.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: Completely. Renovation.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: You want to do full renovation on the kitchen? Yes. The only thing that I really want to check deeper and make you aware is what we're going to do with the floor when we take that part out. We need to figure it out. The door is the floor. So it's great and it's nice, but we'll worry about that. So. Arrange the right framing. We'll do that too, sure. If you want sophisticated, you know, shower with more like screen.

 Right. So those are the two spaces. You can do, instead of a bath, maybe more, to a little bit change that. That's going to be done one way, two over there, you know, like phenomena.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: I don't know, maybe, I don't know. But one of the things we're doing is getting rid of the bidet of our shower.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: Look, I have to say, I didn't saw something in that, in a bad way.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: No, but it's the tiles clogging.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: Walking with all the space, so we need to figure it out. I don't want you to be disappointed at the end.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: No, we don't want to do that after spending a lot of money. Yes.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: And also, everything is nice and there is one flaw that you cannot overcome and then you're disappointed. That's why. So we need to figure it out or you would have to put in mind Maybe that, you know, let's do step by step. I just want you to be aware. Of course. That's what I thought. That's it. Right. We don't need to throw money immediately. If I would just, I want to scan that space. I'm doing a 3D.

 We're going to create an estimate now. Like a patch. Oh, patch. It's a beautiful patch. I might be okay with that. My wife is okay with that. With that.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: It'll all get figured out. I'm not okay with that.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: we need to think about a budget that like to change something if it's okay but it's there right it's okay do you mind what I'm saying I just want you to be aware and not disappointed that oh it's not came the way maybe it would look like an amazing beautiful patch that's what we want yeah but if you look if you don't like it right because it's we look whatever we're going to floor oh that really yeah well that's a few days\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: the conversation, so it's helping us understand better the project later and estimate it and plan it and all of that. That's fine. Actually, I was coming, I was checking if I'm in the right place because this looks nice. I don't know what's to do here. Well, we need to redo our kitchen. Okay. Do you mind if I put my bag here?\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 2: No, please put your bag wherever you like, So the kitchen, okay. The kitchen. We bought this house 25 years ago. So this was all four Micah counters. There was a Miele stove oven here. The microwave was here. There was no oven. I think this was more drawers. Anyway, so we got new, something like that. But now, you know, watch out. Anyway, so we got new doors that are falling off and it's the layout is terrible.

 New counters, new appliances, new sink and everything like in 2007 or 8. So when my wife takes something out of the refrigerator she'll work on it here but then I'll need to get oh honey excuse me I need a some silverware or everything's in the It's just, if it's one person.\nConference Room (Eran Polack) - Speaker 1: I like to describe it a little bit different. Yeah.