The architects blame the GC, the designers blame the architect, you know, and then, I'm paying everyone, I need to make it work.

 So we tried to create like this better response between the GC and the architects, you know, bringing a lot people with experience, decades in New York doing construction work, but also a different approach of how we want the process to look like, So even if we work, in this case, with a designer and architect, we also have a team that can help with procurement, with getting good pricing, materials, a lot of vendors, because that's where I think, at least with my record, that's the added value.

 It's not just building, because what happens is people see the address, people see how many people purchased it from, the architect, designer that you see, and everyone comes to, oh, okay, we're, you know, spending everything. Our goal is always to be involved and make sure that we're making the right decision because many, many times, you know, things come, what, every week we get a client that's in a bidding process and needs to reverse engineer everything, and so that's what we do.

 We do, you know, We have close to 80 projects here. We have a lot of experience, a lot of vendors.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: We can negotiate subs very well. Team, like you have a site person and a project manager. So how, like I guess for projects like this, how does it work in terms of like your team?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Either architect, engineer, civil engineer, some even do a degree. How do you assign? So each project we assign a project manager, all the project managers. Coordinator, which usually is more for buildings, like if we need to do work with permits, building approval, things like that. And we have one person in charge for the procurement. Again, if in this project the designer architect is doing it, it's not a problem.

 And we have a designer that basically has the materials, again, to the capacity that you guys need. And we have site super on the project all the time. And usually in projects like this, we're also going to have a the assistant project manager. The project manager can move stuff and then the assistant can communicate with the clients. So that's usually how it looks, but your go-to person is the project manager, but we have the whole envelope to ensure that everything else is running.


Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Okay, that's great. And then timing-wise, how long do you think a project like this will take?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: You know, the straightforward answer is usually six months for a project like this. That's a good plan. It's also a question of, you know, how long the other variables come, like landmark, windows, you know, we can go on.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Appliances could take six months to deliver, yeah.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 3: Like building, you know, like, Yeah. Structural.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: But if we're going to have everything ready, and materials ready on site, and we don't have to wait, and we don't have to wait for any additional things to happen, we can get it done But I will tell you, like we tell all the time, we said contingency, prepare for contingency in the project. So that's why if we build a proposal, we try to stay even a little bit below. Like if we're.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: And again, so we do have, I think it's a 10%, so we've got 150,000 for a contingency budget.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: So let's say your budget is 1.5 for construction plus 150, right? So 1.65. So I would want the proposal to be 1.5, 1.5.50, so we know if something now is happening, if we open the walls, if we have any structural issues, I want to have that gap because things always come. And again, you buy a landmark, like I told you, you don't have a lot of properties like this around, but it means that you need to be open to some things that can happen.


Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: The pain that comes from that as well.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: We're going to be on top to make sure, to try to push as much as we can to make decisions and make sure that things arrive on time because from my experience, that's where most of the delays happen. You know that. I mean, this is our home.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: We're going to live here for the next 20 years. Our kids go to school on the east side. They go to a school called Nest Plus M. It's actually a little bit far. It's down on Houston and Columbia Street. But it's K through 12. It's a talented school. We've got a little one. And so they're going to be in school for the next 13 years there.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: So we're here.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: And I want it to be an amazing home for that period. I don't want to have to worry about things breaking. And things will break, of course. I don't have to worry about the big things, the structural, the plumbing, the electric, right? Sure, if I want to redo a bathroom in five years, cool, but I want that stuff to be good quality and work. And again, I don't even know if it's going to happen in 13 years, but yeah, we keep it, we hold it, yeah.


Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: No, for sure, and I think that's also important when we look at it, is there are certain things that we don't have to do right away and they're absolutely perfect and make sense to do in a year or two years.