In my spreadsheet, but I don't think it's fully updated in JIRA.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 5: So, I need to update that, because I think most of the... It looks amazing, right? To be honest with you, when the latest team is going to complete their part of the VTT.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: But this is already in the list that we are... So, DDS2K and only a few reports, I think seven or so, is what we said will slip beyond 1121, right? Along with Leia's team's completion.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 5: Yeah. I mean, at this point, it really follows the DDS2K, and I mean, I don't know. I think there's one right now.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: You want the lights?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: No, it's okay. I'm scanning. And if it's dark, I have a flashlight. Look. If it's dark I can do that it's a pretty cool tool thank you um I can scan the garage but you're not doing anything in the garage right no no so just to show you the doors and yes I'm gonna do the door once yes oh you want to remove the door yeah in case if I have to move the door to a different side oh okay just a second Yeah.

\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Yeah.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: I am sorry.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 5: I think as a handout, like we did the data model handout, but there are some logic changes we may anticipate. Why? Because whatever the, I use, I use, you know, Once the data is seen, the team will perform the interview on that right, so they may have some findings, but we will see how we can... So you're saying the self part is complete? Wow. The self part model is complete.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: Correct?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 5: Correct. It's like always, you know, something comes out of the FUT, then we'll deal with it. And you can also go inside, but...\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: So Todd, so for plan area, is this the updated study planning, updates to JIRA, all of that is completed, or is this a timely list now for LMV, or how is it?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: I'm going to send it to you.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yes, in the portal I can put the 3D for you, okay? But in the email I will send you the Just so you have it.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: Even the first floor, top floor?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: I did only the second floor. This one and this one.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: Can you also show me in the basement?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yeah, you want me to do it? Yeah, I can do it first. It's a nice area. I love this house. Wow, so much space.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Yeah, we didn't want to break and put walls around for the basement. Actually, we like it to be open.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yeah, like entertainment.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Yeah, I mean, we can separate the spaces, but then if it is separated, then it's once and done, right? So we didn't want it to be done like that. Like, when we need, we have, We have lots of guests over, so when it's a long, this whole space is completely utilized kind of\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yes, that's amazing. And it looks beautiful, Vida, really. It looks beautiful. A nice entertainment or for guests, you know, they can feel like it's like a full apartment. Yeah, we have a full bathroom here as well. Yeah, beautiful. When did you do it?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: This we did it a year back. Yeah, so this we have a complete full bag. Thank you.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: let's see that it did it good yeah okay perfect yeah I'm gonna send it to you so does it show how much oh wow wow I'm gonna send you all of the plans I just want to see the picture.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: So what is the future plan? How are we going to... Can you take that as well?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: The future one? No, unfortunately I need walls for that. I need walls for that. To scan? Yes, yes, yes. I need to scan. It's just scanning everything. And then it creates the problem.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: provide the square feet of each of the...\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Everything. Everything.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: Oh, the length and width, everything.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yes, everything, you see.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: You know, I'd love to, can you send me first one photos of this?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yeah, of course. I'm going to email you everything. There's a full report. It's going to be heavy now. I can't do it right now, but there's a full report. Let me see.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: Yeah, it's a download. You can download and...\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yeah, it's not going to send it to you, believe me. I know already. I'm sending all the time, but you see all the dimensions, everything. Don't worry, I promise you I'm going to send it. The software called Polycam. This is all the meetings that I have. That's the software. Polycam. Polycam.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: software?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: No, no it's a software that was developed for this kind of things you know but they have much more they have a lot of things that you can do like if I'll do you can do object space capture if I'm going to here I think here Wow, see this?\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 4: Even I can, we can make our daughter do it.\nConference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: People do it, you know, so it's, they're scanning an object and this is what it creates. Beautiful, right? Unbelievable.