But seems not possible.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: I did the whole floor.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: I just wanna say so Yeah, that's why I wanna see if I have uh I have the laser here.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Okay, so And then we should take the island be like Yeah, five feet like six feet.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Something like that, right?
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Yeah.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Okay, I think it's a big okay.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Yeah.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: You can't do it too wide, so yeah for it should be fun. Yeah, yeah. If you're gonna do the earlier, it's gonna be very cluttered. I know that. I don't really necessarily use the width, but maybe you should find the kind of thing. More than thick? Yeah. Or is that really I don't think you need to because six will be Oh, okay. Yeah. So even if you take it from here, it also needs to go out straight.

 It would be too tight. For the circulation, yeah. Full opening here. Yeah. So we can kind of move it inside. Inside a Over here.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Like here.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Maybe yeah.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Yeah.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: I think I want it to still be like practical where if I'm cooking like still going on there.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: If it's gonna be here, you can easily open the fridge and you're gonna have this whole face. And this part is like a bar over, so it's better to I know, but you can't do it too wide.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: You're doing it here. That's the thing. Yeah. Yeah. You took the measurement? Yeah, nine feet. Nine feet between that? Yeah, okay. Picture and I'll write it so we'll have it.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: So we have enough players 35 35 for each because the minimum is also 30 so we'll have 35 gonna put in the middle so we should go. Okay. It's not very tight.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Okay, nine feet. Okay. Okay Anything else that you want us to see, to say, to ask?
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: I don't think so. I think those are really all of my ideas, honestly.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: No, let's start from that. Yeah, um, that's a starting point. Yeah. I'll walk on the proposal for everything together, and then we'll have a discussion about it, and then we'll decide what we want to do first. You know, if you're gonna leave here, there's gonna be a lot of dust. Removing walls and everything, okay? Just take it under consideration. Uh, you can you have a lot of space. I'm just saying it won't be clean.


Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Yeah, it is safe. Yeah, which is why I'm like, I'm actually gonna be the reason why I was really interested with you guys because I'm gonna be traveling kind of a little bit in October. So for you guys to be able to be in here, and they were saying, like, you set up cameras and you can kind of track the progress and stuff, that was like really impressive to me. So if like obviously. Working on it while I'm not living in here.

 Yeah.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Um, but we won't be able to do everything on time.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Understood.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Yeah.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: But hopefully, my hope is kitchen at least.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yeah, kitchen we can do we because we're not touching it. So that will be yeah.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Okay.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Yeah. The basement real this no no no. I know basement that's gonna take forever.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: And we can do the walls. I just need to check with our Yeah.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: You think realistically just at least the kitchen can be done before Thanksgiving though? Yeah. Okay. That's really what my hope is. The rest of it.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: So I'm not touching anything else. Yeah. Yeah, that can be done. Yes. Okay.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Cool.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: But you need to be quick with the decisions.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: So I can prepare the plans for the kitchen island and then we can take it from there. Cool. Okay.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Amazing. Yeah. I'll be checking out all my interests. Do you have an Instagram that I can if I got this? I can look at your work. Sure.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: It's Halo Sha. It's uh no, I think it's chapter.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Yeah. Yeah.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Chapter Renovation. Chapter Renovation.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Okay, I'm definitely checking it out. Here it is. Do you find it? Oh, yeah. See, I love that.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yeah, I'm reading it. It's beautiful.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Okay, yeah, I love this so much. I'll be saving all my Yes.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Yeah, they said you can get my number and you can send it to me actually.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Um you can send it a Pinterest cord and we can take it from there. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So it will be easier.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: This is perfect. I'm excited. I definitely wanna get moving sooner than later, so I will be quick.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Perfect. So I'll be in touch early next week. Okay. Okay, we'll schedule a call, we discuss everything.