They'll say, oh, you want the marble, we'll estimate six grand, you want this here, windows, and estimate, and they'll put that into the bid, versus other guys are like, I'm just gonna come in and do walls, plaster, electrical wires, I'm not, you know, fixtures, You know, so we've gotten both ranges, but even within the same scope of work, the prices are still wildly different potentially too.

27:10 - Unidentified Speaker
So it's pretty, it's fascinating.

27:12 - Unidentified Speaker
And again, like I said, if you guys see things that you don't agree with, like, you know, one guy said, do a heated floor.

27:19 - Unidentified Speaker
Don't move the steam, you know, radiator.

27:23 - Unidentified Speaker
Another guy was like, no, just move the radiator.

27:25 - Unidentified Speaker
Like, the heated floor's stupid in a big kitchen like that.

27:28 - Unidentified Speaker
So we're getting some of that from a professional perspective on things too, you know?

27:33 - Participant 1
You mean like a system below the floor?

27:39 - Participant 3
Which I see in bathrooms more than kitchens.

27:41 - Unidentified Speaker
It's about what you guys like,

27:44 - Unidentified Speaker
You know what I mean?

27:45 - Participant 1
Some people really hate it. I really like it, for example. I really like it. I don't like any other...

27:52 - Participant 2
I think I like it more in the bathroom because I'm used to the kitchen so much. I think I'll heat it up anyway. But it's different.

27:58 - Participant 1
Some people like they need to be from the air condition with air and some people like radiators and some people like on gas and some people like... You need to think what you want, what you like, not what the renovation...

28:14 - Participant 3
No, but I like getting professional ideas because like I said, you guys do this stuff all the time.

28:20 - Unidentified Speaker
We've done a couple of bathrooms.

28:21 - Unidentified Speaker
We've never done anything this big.

28:22 - Participant 1
So I can tell you from a professional point of view it's easy to do it it's doable it's no big deal and it can work I think it can work well with the members so it's all everything can be done I mean you can take this house to the monsoon so come on I think I get it this is what we're going to do. We got, you know, email us the setup plans. We have all the information from the conversation. We're going to do another scan of our own to have like a layout in 3D and all of that. We're going to price it as we're doing everything in a very detailed proposal so you can see what each thing costs. We're going to price the kitchen, building it, you know, like building it we have a place that, you know, with the kitchens. We kind of owns it or whatever you want. And then you can see if you prefer that. We're gonna go with that. Do they do custom colors too?

29:36 - Participant 2
Custom colors. That's nothing. It's a computer. That's it. How much of you guys do in-house versus subcontractors?

29:50 - Unidentified Speaker
This is what we're doing.

29:52 - Participant 1
I'm telling you the whole process, although I already understand that you don't need a lot of it. Each project that we are doing is getting a team of three people. A project manager, in that case it's going to be Ronit, I think, most probably. And someone that is more experienced, did it many, many years. Then you have an assistant project manager that helps with that. And then what we do is our interior designer with the procurement team is doing all the materials. You're doing with the interior designer all the material selection. You select what you like, We have a client portal that you're gonna get. In that client portal you're gonna have all your financials, you know, like schedules, Some people will be giving them a live stream. I don't think you're going to live here. I don't think you're going to be here. So if not, you can have that also, if you want.

31:13 - Participant 2
I'll let you do a portal.

31:15 - Participant 1
And then you have all your OMTs, plans, permits, stuff that you might need in five, six, who knows. And then you put it in some door in the house, and you don't even know which one. And then, organically, it's connected to the organ. So the team, we upload photos and information. You know, once you start, you know, it's down. So as a service, we also do a day or two days of, like, having chocolate. You know, we blow the time to all the showrooms, And then when everything is ready, you like it, you sign it, and the thing is signed. This we need to buy immediately, this we're going to buy in two weeks. And now we're doing the project, obviously. And this is it. I mean, it's easy. You don't need to do anything. Especially with the fact that you're pretty advanced and ready to go.

32:49 - Unidentified Speaker
I mean, I guess you still need to pick the color of the stone, the color of the counter, the color, I guess you pick the color of the kitchen itself.

33:00 - Unidentified Speaker
It's just a special color.

33:03 - Unidentified Speaker
What color?

33:04 - Unidentified Speaker
Those colors.

33:05 - Unidentified Speaker
On the floor.

33:07 - Unidentified Speaker
What white top cabinets and green bottom cabinets?

33:12 - Unidentified Speaker
White and green?

33:13 - Unidentified Speaker
And then the floor is like, what, the yellow, which I didn't shake a little yet.

33:21 - Participant 3
So from a timing perspective, How long do you think a job like this would be? Assuming everything goes reasonably well. You have permit?

33:33 - Participant 1
It's not approved yet?

33:34 - Participant 3
No, the variance is. The variance wasn't approved yet. Permits would probably take like two weeks in Maplewood. Oh, sorry. Two, three weeks. No, but the plants are poor. This is the skin. Now we are doing a lot of projects in the city of Aventura.

34:19 - Participant 1
to bring the electrician, the plumber, everyone, when we...