And they were like, of course you do, approved.

20:11 - Participant 1
Wow, that's amazing.

20:13 - Participant 3
Because it was, and it was also like, we're just going out six feet, we're just building this kind of the way you build it today versus an old, you know.

20:19 - Participant 2
And we're taking up a lot of the driveway to make.

20:22 - Participant 3
Oh, yeah, but usually Ryan's can take up to a year.

20:27 - Participant 2
No, this was our architecture. It took a couple months. Because of August.

20:35 - Participant 3
Our architect, Mike, was like, that was way easier than I thought it was going to be. Because they just looked at it and they were like, oh yeah, this makes sense. You want to stay in a straight line of the house. Why would you make an L-shape? That's dumb. And they were like, approved. And it was actually great, dealing with the Maplewood in that regard. But we knew if we had to build an L-shaped wall, we probably wouldn't even do the project.

20:58 - Participant 2
But it was also, so this is like the fifth rendition of our plans. We started this almost a year ago just to get to this. So that's why it's taken so long. But now we're sort of ready to say, okay, next steps. Okay, perfect.

21:15 - Participant 3
So what other questions do you guys have looking at this stuff here? Yeah, again, the variance was literally to prevent this from being like a the cut out weird thing there. We know we want the big open window, the windows, there's a roof line there.

21:36 - Participant 1
By the way, it's a very nice, it's a real architect. And these are all like, this is all the- A lot of detail. Oh, just a lot of detail. I like architects where they give you very early stage, something like that, but someone that don't really know how to read plans can...

21:54 - Participant 2
Can understand, yeah.

21:55 - Participant 1
Orientation, you know, and not just try to... And it's not hard to do that these days, and people still don't do that. And look, it's beautiful. It's easy to understand.

22:14 - Participant 2
Was he fast? I mean, no, he was fast.

22:18 - Participant 1
No, we... We were not fast.

22:21 - Participant 1
We were not fast.

22:21 - Participant 2
We were not fast. Lots of change.

22:23 - Participant 2
That's something else, yes.

22:26 - Participant 1
And you understand that because a lot of times people... It's also, I'm telling clients, it's also depending on you. It's how fast you're going to pick, how fast you're going to answer, how fast you're going to... And you know, we are here to serve you. We're going to work in your tempo. But there are people that, wow, it's too close.

22:49 - Participant 2
There are some things that go very fast and some things that slow us down. But for the most part, it was designing the space to really fit our needs. And having an L-shaped kitchen, we really, he was like, do you want a 40-inch doorway? We're like, no, bigger. A lot of details. Bigger, bigger. Bigger kitchen. I'm like, no doorway. He's like, oh. And that was like the third or fourth rendition of this. Many roles.

23:19 - Participant 1
So I think it's very easy. You have a very good set of plans. We can definitely price it easily, much better than...

23:29 - Participant 2
We're doing all the electricity on the lights, new, here.

23:34 - Unidentified Speaker
He's got the fixtures, the ceiling fan, the types of screws.

23:38 - Participant 1
Perfect, yeah.

23:39 - Participant 2
For what? In the kitchen or in the garage? I think everything. You see everything is new. It's all hands in the kitchen, right?

23:46 - Participant 1
It's a very good plan. So the only thing we need to understand is what you want us to do and what we're already doing or you're going to do yourself or like for example for most of our clients we're buying all the materials and then we're charging them like 10% so usually it's coming out to them cheaper than market price but you know if I'm getting 20% discount then that you need to add our you're only 10% getting 10 or only 5%, but you don't have the headache of going into website and ordering and then managing the delivery and someone needs to be at home and all of that, we're doing all of that. It was funny, I had a client, she's pregnant, first pregnant. And she goes, and it's a building in Miami, and I'm telling her when the order delivers, we're going to take on her. And then she's sending me an email, and would you take it from the lobby upstairs? I'm like, come on. No, we're going to give you in the middle of the plane to take it upstairs. Of course, we're going to take it upstairs. So this is it. To understand and what what you you buy in the kitchen we're only installing or you buy in the kitchen and or the kitchen company themselves are installing and that's stuff like that and obviously electricity you want us to do everything plumbing everything everything that related to drywalls and roof and flooring. All of that we're going to price and put, but just need to know.

25:45 - Participant 2
Did you get any prices for kitchen already? Did you quote something?

25:50 - Participant 3
We've gotten four, three or four bids and we're waiting on two or three more. The price is insane.

26:01 - Participant 1
It's like from a hundred grand to five hundred grand. We're going to give you a price for the kitchen also. Just for the kitchen?

26:08 - Participant 3
No, the labor material. But I mean, the price range is wide.

26:15 - Participant 2
But with price only phase one or both? Just phase one. Just phase one, between 100 to 500? No, he's talking about the whole.

26:24 - Participant 3
Well, I mean, the appliances alone are 10 grand. The cabinets are 20. The architect is, I mean, there's a price range. Price of the whole shop, but just for the labor materials and all this kind of stuff. And again, some folks quote, like you guys said, they'll quote everything.