Ventura, California? In Aventura, Florida. Oh, Aventura, yeah, yeah, yeah. So it's really like, you know, and I usually, we're usually not engaging a plumber or an electrician before it's approved and we know exactly what we are doing, right? But it's okay, no big deal. So, so, so in-house, so all of that is in-house, right? All of the, I would say, administration of the project, right? And then for the work itself, we're hiring an electrician because we're only working with permits and license and insurances properly, so we're hiring a licensed electrician. Electrician is a separate license. Same thing about plumber. Plumber is a separate license. You need someone that is a licensed. That's what he's doing and so this and the rest we're doing ourself unless there is something sometimes people do all kinds of unique restorations all kinds of unique things that we don't want to touch because you really need the experience or you need you know what I mean you don't need a license but I'm saying but here I think It's very straightforward. Do you work with a lot of old houses? Old houses?

35:50 - Participant 1
Old houses.

35:52 - Participant 2
We have both. Also new ones that want to renovate, refinish basements or stuff like that. And also old house, yeah.

36:01 - Participant 1
But I'm not expecting here insane surprises. I mean, how old is the house? It's better than 50.

36:13 - Participant 3
We have a friend who bought a big house in South Orange that was a mid-century modern and so much stuff they discovered.

36:21 - Unidentified Speaker
Because the period of time...

36:23 - Unidentified Speaker
Some things were overbuilt, underbuilt...

36:26 - Participant 1
Say it in a very simple language, for a period of time, 50s, 60s, maybe 70s, everybody was cheap and cheating. You know what I mean? You didn't have the culture that that you had ago, 100 120 years ago, and you have now. A lot of times you go, you dig somewhere, you find the plans, you open the wall, and it's not even close to what's in the plan. Anything specific that you want to say about preferences in Nothing crazy.

37:12 - Participant 2
I mean, it's all, it's nothing, nothing we're looking at that is so specific that it can't be found, except it took us a while for this. That was just the one thing. I couldn't get the flooring straight, but now I know the pattern, the design and the material. And we decided on it. So that's good. The size is a 12 Hopefully that'll be acceptable for the space. I don't know that yet, but hopefully that'll work. Pretty much, you know, a durable quartz countertop because I work a lot. I cook a lot, I bake a lot. I need a hard surface that can handle a lot of function. And I need a lot of efficiency and I lose a lot of space. I'm doing caddy cabinets that can give me maximum storage and spacing as well. I think a lot of these... You're not doing an island. That's exactly what I wanted to ask. I'm not doing an island because Apparently we don't have enough space here. However, there is a window. You're upside down. It's here. So this is the back door. This is going to be just a I'm going to build it like that. Hopefully it'll be a rectangle. Under this window, I'd like a counter space. That can move if I wanted to into the kitchen as a working island. Okay, I got it. Because I want it to be a seat to look out the window. So that would be the seating space in the kitchen itself. To look out, but also a workspace and a movable workspace. Okay, so you can Whenever you need it, yes. Yeah, because I think it can't go this way. I think we're just too shy of the four feet, four feet, and the, you know, and then I'll just be too, and because it's such an entryway and, you know, and I know. I think you can fit it right here. A tiny one though, right? This is a great solution. No, no, no. This is a great solution. It's interesting.

39:25 - Participant 1
Do you have a pantry? You have a pantry?

39:28 - Participant 2
Um, so we, We don't have exactly a pantry, but what is right here is, this is a space, I mean.

39:33 - Participant 1
You want to do, you pull out?

39:37 - Participant 2
I don't know yet. I don't need a pull out. I mean, this could be shelves. Our architect was like, a broom closet. I will not use it as a broom closet. I can tell you that right now.

39:45 - Participant 1
So why you don't want to do a pull out?

39:49 - Participant 2
I'd have to look at them. I'm a very, um, visual person. I have to touch things to see if I like them. I would have to like see if I liked it.

39:58 - Participant 1
We actually have exactly one of those in the office.

40:01 - Participant 2
Yeah, I think this is 12 inches wide.

40:04 - Participant 1
The good thing about the pantry is that it's more efficient. And if you need more storage space, it's more efficient than you have those things that are at the back of the, you know, closet or whatever. And you never see them, you never use them, you never this, and it's just taking space for nothing. Well, if you can pull it out, you can be more organized. You can see everything. Just that can save you space of one more closet, or one more shelf, or one more, just to have that.

40:40 - Participant 2
Modern kitchens.

40:42 - Participant 1
No, look, everything you look, look exactly the same as you want it to look.

40:48 - Participant 1
It's just that efficiency and your concern about And you're cooking, and you're using the kitchen.

40:56 - Participant 2
It can be addressed by just having that.

40:59 - Participant 1
It's very simple. It's not going to be some more expensive or anything like that.

41:03 - Participant 3
Where's your guys' office?

41:08 - Participant 1
In 7th Avenue and 30th.

41:10 - Participant 2
Oh, I used to live there almost. Six blocks, 7th and 24th. Oh, that's nice. And he lived in 8th and 27th. We have a sample of the kitchen over there in here. We'll give it to the city someday.