Do this, I'm supposed to do that.

14:00 - Participant 1
Obviously, we want to do more and... Harder than your own convenience.

14:07 - Participant 3
Makes no difference? No, makes no difference. And this part here is much more disruptive, because the bedroom is right there.

14:14 - Participant 2
People come, they're like, oh, I'm like, but it's our home. It's our space. And then they'll deliver here.

14:21 - Participant 1
That's why we decided to stop the account with where we're ordering from

14:26 - Participant 2
I'm always checking to make sure everything's still in stock.

14:29 - Participant 1
I'm in front of the client and like I'm just the messenger dealing with appliances because they were giving us a lot of hard time. And then there's nothing I can do, you know what I mean? Like if Samsung, LG or Sub-Zero or Viking cannot supply or not coming on time or not doing or not giving good service, there's nothing I can do about it. But, you know, take it seriously. The whole appliance thing, if you can afford or if you even order them or buy them or I don't know what, because, you know, you're planning all your kitchen around them and you don't want to find out last minute that those appliances are not available and now you need to change your plans. Or, you know, search for a different brand that have everything the same that can fit or something like that. Just pay attention.

15:27 - Participant 3
We also have the garage there that I was putting my car in there. So we have one size all open. So we could stage appliances, materials. So once we have a firm like timeline, project plan, we can order the appliances a month earlier, they can sit out there in the garage for a few weeks or whatever. We can stage a lot of stuff out there. But, yeah.

15:58 - Participant 1
So, the stone quartz, whose appliances you're on top of it, can you tell me what kind of appliances you're using?

16:09 - Participant 1
A combination.

16:11 - Participant 2
The range is Viking, the dishwasher is Bosch.

16:18 - Participant 3
What's the high-end LG? Is it LG's?

16:21 - Participant 2
The SKS. And that's just for the combi oven. It's a combi oven. No microwave.

16:27 - Participant 3
What's the fridge?

16:29 - Participant 2
I'm changing the fridge out. It was SKS, but I'm going to change it out so it's not stainless.

16:34 - Participant 3
That's the LG boutique-y one?

16:36 - Participant 2
Yeah, but it's not going to be. It's going to be a different one as well, less expensive.

16:40 - Participant 1
And you have plans with the cabinets and everything already?

16:48 - Participant 2
That's the layout for the new kitchen, right?

16:53 - Participant 1
What floor are you planning to do?

16:58 - Participant 2
It's a small floor. Oh, I see you have everything. It's a small floor. We wouldn't really think about marble as much, but it's not... It's what we found we really like and we can't find it. It's copy and other material, so we might just go with it.

17:14 - Unidentified Speaker
We have samples.

17:15 - Unidentified Speaker
So our architect, Mike, and I'll send you a digital copy of these, very good, very detail-oriented, used to live in Maplewood, does a lot of these old houses.

17:26 - Unidentified Speaker
Like you'll see on the project stuff here, he's got everything detailed to like the types of screws, the types of finish, all this stuff.

17:35 - Participant 3
He's got a person that does semi-custom, And we've got a couple other cabinet people here so again as we get real serious about this and start ordering stuff we'll do our diligence but again the idea is to have things ready as they're ready.

17:51 - Participant 1
So you order in the kitchen the cabinets and everything? So you buy the kitchen? You want us only installing the kitchen?

18:00 - Participant 3
Yeah I mean unless there's some other reason you guys want or whatever.

18:05 - Participant 2
This is what we do. We can do everything for you. That's why you recommended us. You don't need to deal with everything else.

18:14 - Participant 1
But you don't have to. If you have a kitchen that you like, it's absolutely fine.

18:18 - Participant 2
So what are your services?

18:20 - Participant 1
I will tell you. You guys are very sophisticated people and you already took an architect and you have a real set of plans and you know what you want, most 90% of the time, and we work in Miami, New York, over here, in Connecticut, we come to people, the only thing that they have is some idea in their head that they want to renovate. And we're taking them towards the whole process. Interior design, like massive interior design, everything they need. You know all the permits we do all the permits work for with the city we submitting we answering comments everything or in New York for a building we're working with the building you know with HOA or whatever whoever needs to do the work building engineer we're doing everything and then we do the work but we're doing I mean we're doing And also the 10% that come to us pretty, ready, pretty, you know, know what they want, have an architect, have a set of plans, they know what kitchens they are buying. We're doing that.

19:45 - Participant 3
So the first thing we had to do to get started was to get a variance.

19:50 - Unidentified Speaker
Because normally, originally...

19:53 - Unidentified Speaker
That took a while.

19:54 - Participant 1
Yeah, it's taking a long time right now.

19:55 - Participant 3
The code today would be, you have to be five feet from the property line, so we could not to a straight kitchen, it had to go in and then out. And then we went, Maple was very, they were great. We went and said, oh, we want to keep the straight line in the side of the house.