=== VIDEO TRANSCRIPT ===

This is the exterior of the house, the roof was not changed for 30 years so we need to replace it. We want to replace the entire siding and this is the area where they want to do the extension on top of the basement. The side of the house looks like a brick that's looking and that that is siding over there. 

Okay. Hey, So this is the
bathroom. Let me go see if
that's the kitchen. Now, this is
the bathroom. Right? The POW
room. I think so. Need to check
which. Which year is that? And
the boiler.

This looks also like an extension you.
This is the second floor We're basically want to do extension on existing Extension which is the garage outside. I have another video of that. They want to extend the bathroom Have a bigger bathroom and the closet push over there. 

Okay, we have the extension here. This is the loop, we're going to have to do also the drainage. It's currently running here.

This is gonna be the master bathroom This is the bathroom full update That's about that Then this bathroom full update there's room here from the closet space So we want to see if we can maybe get in that space into the bathroom Now the last floors place was everywhere remove this This is workspace Another bedroom Remove the carpet place the threads And Here we go to the kitchen opening the kitchen and make sure there's no structure here If we have we can keep us off it Extend that kitchen over here Are we in your way? No, that's it. I'm done. Let's get ready

This is the back of the house.
Okay. They would want to replace
the siding all throughout the
house. This is brick. You want
to replace the roof, All the
doors. This is an extension. The
garage is above. Okay. I want to
remove this area. Walls, wood.
And we're gonna have to see what
we're doing with drop ceiling,
because usually it's this way.
So there's access to the
mechanical. And I have to look
into this boiler is from 2012.
Might gonna need to be replaced.
The condenser. Look from 99. Am
I gonna have to replace it as
well? Yeah. It's not dripping.
It's like moist damp. So at one
point, it was.



=== PROJECT WALKTHROUGH TRANSCRIPT ===
Project Walkthrough Transcript

Okay. Oh, give me up. No. Okay, fine. Excuse me? No, no, no, I haven't. Oh.
So redo the kitchen. Mm hmm. I want to open this whole wall to make the kitchen bigger. And then push—because I probably need more cabinets—so the cabinets probably continue over here. And then probably have like a total… Yeah. And then the dining room with the kitchen full.
And then we’re doing the floor between this whole thing. Just for you to know, usually in houses the joists go this way, right? So there might be some structural element here. Later on we’ll have to open the walls and probe to see exactly what’s there. It’s not a huge add-on, but there may be some structural work.
If I open it all the way and then lower a piece, would that be better? Yeah, it’s a matter of cost. Once we open, we’ll know exactly what’s there.
Floors: since this will be one big room, we’d replace the floors across. I don’t want tile. I want the same flooring throughout. It’s not squeaky, not perfectly level, but likely no full leveling, just certain areas.
There’s a powder room I’d like to update. That’s not a problem.
Baseboards will be replaced once floors come out. New recessed lighting throughout.
Doors and frames will be updated. New doors throughout.
This will be the family room. Remove the carpet. Remove cabinetry. Floors throughout, lights throughout.
Upstairs: keep closet but replace floors to match. Windows are in good shape.
Remove this closet to extend the bathroom since it’s small. Update the bathroom, nothing fancy. Possibly relocate ducting if needed. Once we open we’ll understand more.
Primary bedroom: extend the bedroom to that point. Garage below.
Survey exists for the house. If legal, extension is possible. We’ll review survey and speak with architect. Expect about three months for plans and permits before starting work.
Design happens in parallel—kitchen, materials, tiles.
Basement: remove bar, update space for gym. Nothing fancy, just brighter and cleaner. Replace wood paneling. Likely sheetrock, with access panels if needed for ducts.
Open wall to make space larger. Electrical likely needs updating. Kitchen appliances remain similar: stove, microwave, fridge.
End of walkthrough.


=== 466 CALIFORNIA RD TRANSCRIPT ===
Okay Oh, give me up No. Okay, fine. Excuse me? No, no, no, I haven't. Oh. So, redo the kitchen. Mm hmm. I want to open this whole wall. Okay. to make the kitchen bigger. Okay. And then push. Because I probably need more cabinets, so the cabinets probably come. Continue over here. And then probably have like a total. Yeah. And then then the diet. This is gonna be like, diamond. Dining room with the kitchen full. Okay. And then we're doing the Ford between this whole thing. Okay, so just for you to know, usually in houses, the joy's going this way. Right? So they might going to be this going to be some structural element here, right? So later on, just for you to know, we're going to have to start, like opening the walls and probing and see exactly what's wrong and then we'll know more. Again, it's not a huge add on, but there might be going to be needed to be some structural work. If it is really low bal.. Okay? But how about if I open it all the way to that, and then it's like to a lower piece with that be better? Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's a metadow of cost, right? Okay. So it's a possibility. But once we open within exactly what's there and we could, you know. Okay. But that shouldn't be a problem. floors, you said. Because then because this is going to be one big right room. Right. But in general, you want to replace the entire floor, you want to salvage. I don't think, well, I don't want tile in that. That's for sure. So. So you want the same floor zone. Correct. Okay, got it. So we're replacing the floors on across.. It looks like. It's a little..