I say we bought all this space here is like not being used.\nParticipant 1: I can tell you if I want to be very, very honest, the house, it's very nice and it's in a very good condition. What you want to do is making it more the way you vision it and the way it's comfortable for you and the way you live your life and it's going to be like a project.\nParticipant 3: Yeah, we know.\nParticipant 1: It's not going to be like something like cosmetic No, no, yeah, yeah, yeah.\nParticipant 2: We know.\nParticipant 1: And also, it would be a shame to touch it and spend money. Sometimes I'm getting to places, OK. I have to do something. But here, you need to figure out, like, you know, it's good. It's nice. So...\nParticipant 2: Yeah, we don't want to do something that looks cheap at the end.\nParticipant 1: Like, we don't want to get rid of, like, what's nice already. No, you want it to look at least like that. Yes, exactly.\nParticipant 2: Yes, yes.\nParticipant 1: I just want to be transparent and say you're turning something very nice into something very nice. I don't see it as small or cheap. We can definitely create different layouts. We can think about tons of things to optimize. I think the biggest optimization would be to find another place. Why did you want bigger for the laundry room? Because it's big.\nParticipant 3: You think it's big? Because I just like...\nParticipant 1: You do laundry? He does the laundry. I'm not. That's why you think it's big. That's the only thing that I don't do. No, I mean... Laundry. I do everything else.\nParticipant 3: I don't want to give a huge responsibility because I was just thinking I think that if we move the kitchen a little bit and if we can get just a little bit more space, I mean, if it's not a game changer and it's too much work.\nParticipant 1: We can do everything. We can do everything. We can make the whole house a laundry room. No, no, no. I'm just trying to, you know, when you're trying to think about space and you need to be a little bit noisy, you know, like ask questions.\nParticipant 2: But I need to understand, you know what I mean? I think what you really mean about the laundry room is that right now, it's not, I mean, the way it is, it's not necessarily the best way to organize it because we don't have enough storage. We have a lot of mess like, you know, on the counter. Like we want to have, and I know now there's like some like options to have like, you know, a built in with like the laundry, like the washing machine and the dryer and stuff.

 Inside and having like shelves and like, yeah. And things that we can use on a daily basis that don't look messy. So maybe that's what you really want more.\nParticipant 3: I mean, I don't want something huge, just something like more convenient.\nParticipant 2: And less messy. And less messy, yeah.\nParticipant 3: But I mean, it's not like the biggest issue in the house. I mean, really what matters the most is like the kitchen with the living area and dining room and our bedroom.\nParticipant 1: What do you want to do with flooring here? Leaving it yeah in the outside yeah we did it when we moved to the house and we have a crawlspace underneath the house so it's like crawlspace all over here how many food you know this this you live like this you keep it that way yeah it's a nice Do you mind? I want to do... I want to do a scan of the house so I will have a floor plan. And the measurement and everything.

 And we have the microfilm also.\nParticipant 2: I don't know if it's helpful or not.\nParticipant 1: For the city plans and everything?\nParticipant 2: So I can send that to you right now. So we're going to... Do you work on most, like, is it like renovation, new construction? A whole range, but mostly renovations of apartments and houses all over the Miami area. So you're familiar with, like, Miami Shores and the permitting process? All over.\nParticipant 1: Not the easiest.\nParticipant 2: Not the easiest one.\nParticipant 1: No one is the easiest one.\nParticipant 2: No, I know.\nParticipant 1: Bureaucracy is not existing to be easy.\nParticipant 2: So we're all going first.\nParticipant 1: I don't know if you heard what Jeff Bezos says, but I don't think he's getting his permit in the next 10 years on his house. He was saying that, why do we have to have a department of building? You can just submit the plans to AI, can approve it or give you comments in a second. Okay, now you think you're going to get your permit. With all of your billions, you're not getting it. But if you think about it, there is no reason, like it's easy with AI.

 You can submit the plans and he can approve it or give you comments in a minute.\nParticipant 3: So it's pretty good.\nParticipant 1: Let it go, let it go One thing, you want to change the floors also in the room in the garage or no?\nParticipant 2: And we don't want to lose our full spectrum in his office. I don't know. Even though we need a driveway, we have to say that it was a garage.\nParticipant 1: get another minute and we all do feel awake.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Were you previously living in this area before moving here?\nParticipant 3: We were in downtown.\nParticipant 2: We used to live in a condo for like 10 years. And then we had our first kid and it was COVID and we had to move to the house. So we bought the house in 2021. If we have to do construction, I know we're going to have to move out of the house for like a few months. And then we're going to go back to the corner. I'm kind of procreating on this. With two little kids. It's nice having the space and the background.

 Yeah, yeah. Broken forever if you need to. It's nice that Miami is a little more sprawling, so you're not locked in when there's traffic.\nParticipant 1: It's not like in New York City where you're locked in for blocks and blocks.