The other one is like epoxy, a concrete, more like you're seeing in the resorts or...\nParticipant 3: More cozy.\nParticipant 2: And we're also allowed to have more space here so we can have an island. It means like, because here we have wind.\nParticipant 1: Spa, wind places like that. And that will determine.\nParticipant 2: We take our breakfast, our lunch, you know, like, and dinner. When the weather is not nice.\nParticipant 1: A different direction.\nParticipant 2: For the overhead. You want to get to it? Having a little bit more light too, so we like to open. The design will be probably different because the vibe will be different.\nParticipant 1: The two things, it can flow, but yeah, it's two different directions but you have good direction so it's good it's like solid directions you know what I mean it's not so it's good yeah I like them both okay let's see sliding doors here sliding doors on that side that will open only on this side because otherwise we won't have the space to put the the stuff to go out because of the pool.\nParticipant 2: I don't think four pyramids will be possible.\nParticipant 1: So you want to turn the whole wall here into sliding door? Yeah, we want to open it. So there will be more connections with the outside. And then when we get into the house we can see immediately the pool and the backyard.\nParticipant 3: So that even The same.\nParticipant 2: I mean, it will stay here. Unless you tell me, no, you know what, we're going to do the kitchen here. I don't know. You tell me.\nParticipant 1: I mean, I don't know how far I'm still thinking where to take away the laundry room to a different place and then make the kitchen bigger towards the laundry room. But if you want to move the kitchen away, then... I mean, we don't want to. You want a bigger kitchen, right?\nParticipant 2: Yeah, we want a bigger kitchen. Yes, yes, we need to move things around like we're not setting like oh, this is the TV room This is the dining room. This is the kitchen. No you tell us We have a better idea for like the floor of the house.\nParticipant 3: We can move things around like we're not against like Yeah, we thought about this, but if it's if you have something thought about the longer better. Yeah, I mean like the floor plan if you think like Whatever we say like it's not like doesn't make sense or make more sense.\nParticipant 2: No the kitchen somewhere else whatever I mean what's inside that bedroom and the bathroom and this is my husband's office and this will not touch it no I'm I mean, we don't want to touch it because I think they did it without permit. So let's not go there.\nParticipant 1: We can try to make it cushier on the way. I mean, we can try. I'm not promising, but yeah, we can try.\nParticipant 2: Why not?\nParticipant 1: If you get me a pork, I cannot make it cushier.\nParticipant 2: from the beginning there is nothing I can do right yeah this I don't know maybe so this is our master yes yeah it's a mess I'm sorry but you want it to be the same we want to be exactly the same everything the same yes okay so the issue here we have this huge jacuzzi that we never use like in the bathroom a bigger Walk-in closet bedroom or even like you know switching like maybe not having like four panel windows maybe only three and having like built-in on the side so we have just floor here it's different yeah so we can have more storage so I can have more space for my stuff yes yes for sure but in the bathrooms you want to still have shower and tab or just shower or just tab so he's collecting dirt and then we can show you also like outside so you can and do maybe like the Walk-in closet on the side and then the bathroom in the back of the of the bed okay because we were thinking of and that's again just me thinking a lot um so here you see like the windows looks very I mean basically here because we'll be redoing the bathroom I mean It's a rectangle.

\nParticipant 1: Yes, yes, yes. It would be nice if it would have more connections to the kitchen. We don't use it.\nParticipant 2: Some people like it, we just don't use it. I want to have a bigger Walk-in closet. With like, dishes and like, it's not... Very nice we're gonna need to have like steps we cannot have the pool so we only need to open on one side of the sliding door and here you see what I was talking about about the sliding door because so we're saying maybe like changing the bed direction to face the windows and then we always have to go around like you know the tv room and like walking on the rug shower yes the tub we're not sure it's just that we don't have any other bathtub yeah maybe one side or I mean ideally we'll have to be centered but I don't know if it's going to be possible yeah yeah so the Maybe put like a little one, you know, like, not like a...

\nParticipant 3: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Definitely not like that. It's too big. It depends on the permitting.\nParticipant 1: It's too big for sometimes more. OK, I mean, we're going to have... Very small.\nParticipant 2: We want to demolish everything and redo the entire floor plan of the master suite. Let's see, like, the size. Of the house and like what we were talking about. I would like to have a door so I can go from the kitchen to here when we're hosting you know. Yes, yes, yes, yes.\nParticipant 1: Actually yeah and also it's a beautiful call.\nParticipant 3: We cannot have steps.\nParticipant 2: I don't think we can have steps like because of the code up to here.\nParticipant 1: Because to look at the floor plans carefully and optimize them that's what you want to do at the end. It's disgusting.\nParticipant 2: The end of the day, all it's doing the house, the kids, but the kids bathroom have only a shower.\nParticipant 1: Over the day. Look what?\nParticipant 2: So I don't want to get rid of like, no, no, no.