Everything needed. Obviously, plumber. We're taking a licensed plumber. It's not about the money.

 People are upset with us. Interior designer, in-house. And actually, we have... So, what I'm recommending in those situations, first, allowed to sign or to do things like that. It's a few thousand dollars. It's changing the mind and that's what accumulating. You have to pay and that's it. Other than that, we can do everything. We had so many cases that we walked, we did a beautiful few days. We're going to create a proposal, some mood boards, you know, like the Walk itself.

 You want to stay in the house or you design it all depends also on you how fast you you know react blah blah you can finish is you're going to reach out back to us with like give us yeah give us a few someone here in miami that I think is going to be phenomenal for this project who is going to be make sure you receive it on time when it's ready like like yes ready to be installed the house once we start demolition uh but then first of all and it's part of like your role is be 100% okay thank you very much and then we're doing all the permit and you will need to hire an architect which will can introduce you sometime so if we you all of that thing and then There's nothing I can do about it.

 So I just don't want to.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Yeah, they could have connected probably.\nParticipant 1: Yes, we're doing the whole procurement process. Yeah, we can manage him for you. We can do everything, but we are not architect. We're not ready when we start, like know exactly what you want. It's all the paperwork, anything needed. The only thing we're not architect master aware like an extension so they put a new AC because the other one I don't know it's possible but it's really it's projects both here or in New York or in different everything was and the plan then we're gonna submit to the city you know to get it when it's on the way and so on and on and on yeah the only thing you don't order is the appliance Yes, who told you that?

 Massimo and Dave, I know that it says so.\nParticipant 2: No, no, we are familiar with the process.\nParticipant 3: You have to do the plan, you have to sign them.\nParticipant 1: Yeah, it's just that legally you have to have mutual understanding. And proposal, obviously.\nParticipant 3: And yes, you have it like delivering time so we don't waste time.\nParticipant 1: Who is in the place to order, order and not change your mind. And you assist with like, And then it's leaving bad taste in everyone's mouth. I don't want that.\nParticipant 2: I mean, it depends also how long, like, you know, like...\nParticipant 1: So, we didn't get our appliances on time or it's got broken or it's... Know that you're not going to change your mind. Know that we're just moving forward and that's it. That's very important because people a lot of times...\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: And you work with him on the plant, right? Yeah, yeah. He has to do it. I'll tell you what happened.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: And explain the reason why.\nParticipant 1: It's insane. I don't want. I'm like... You know what I mean? Line up, order the floor, order the kitchen, order, order, order. We're getting discounts and we're rolling the discounts.\nParticipant 3: Six months. We know that.\nParticipant 2: And we know that if, I mean, because you're like...\nParticipant 1: Yes. But from what we saw is someone that we work with and we like, we can...\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: So you have contact like Architects?\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: And the proposal will be for every scene, right?\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Because you are one stop shop.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: I would start, yes. It's not about, I don't care about even the money that I have to pay to see that you're going to give us feedback, you're going to do another one. So we're starting with some music. Yeah, we're doing it. So I would start from the beginning. We're doing everything, we're having a little bit cheaper. But again, we have a whole team that's sitting to, you know, replace the refrigerator or to...

 It's embarrassing. Again, it's, you need to have all your things.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: The work. And the contractor that...\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Everything Through you. We are the contractor.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Do you, how long do you estimate the work?\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: I think, fine. And then we're charging discounted prices. We're gonna be in touch with you. Permits can take anywhere. Flow up, building relationships, calling them in the morning. What's up? We're not doing plumbing ourselves and electricity. Taking a light five mile everything okay but maybe push for a little bit less but okay okay that makes sense that's fine okay so yes so shop since electrician but you're taking care of all that we don't have to look for the plumber no no like the comments fix the comments the whole tango with them get it approved and we're charging 10 percent on the the material\n