Any, oh, where did you come from Any particular colors that you like,\nParticipant 2: I like neutral color.\nParticipant 1: Yes, nothing personal, just like, you know, just turning the furniture into something just for perspective. But it's not taking any personal.\nParticipant 2: But just by scanning the house, that's pretty...\nParticipant 1: Yeah, and then these lights will take you a minute, but he's breaking everything, how many windows, how much walls to paint, you see? Tons of like information and everything. Tons, by room, by whatever.\nParticipant 2: That's great.\nParticipant 1: Natural colors.\nParticipant 2: Natural colors. I'm not against like, you know, you know, touches of colors. Something, a little bit. Yes, yes. I want to, it's, you know, I don't want it to look like a magazine, like, still like a living, Your family, yeah? Yes, exactly.\nParticipant 1: Yeah, a little bit of white, beige and a little bit of something. Yeah, yeah. A little bit of maybe, I don't know. I love green. Green, green, yes. Green, green is very strong. Green, green, green, yes. Just doing something and it's coming out. So white, beige with a bit of green and everything else will be determined by the decision of the floor.\nParticipant 2: And then, I mean, would like to keep, for instance, like the high ceiling here, right?\nParticipant 1: Of course. Yeah, of course. If you ask me to do it lower, I'm not doing it.\nParticipant 2: But we'd like to...\nParticipant 1: Oh, it's mine. It's amazing. No, we don't want to... We want to keep it.\nParticipant 2: But if we have to do, like, you know, like some different type of lighting over there, like...\nParticipant 1: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I think, first of all, I think lighting is a big play in this project.\nParticipant 3: So there is an attic here. We have the attic above the kitchen.\nParticipant 2: The attic is right above, yeah.\nParticipant 3: Right above. So, yeah, if we... I mean, one aspect.\nParticipant 1: because it's like this part of the house is obviously like darker like we don't have a lot of natural light but you want to create a bigger window over here and you're gonna open the whole wall over there and you're changing over there yeah right so that's how we change yes but definitely lighting is a big player yeah first of all it will change so We'll have to figure out where we need to put more, where we need to put less.

 But yeah, life is a big player and it's not a lot of money.\nParticipant 2: No, exactly. It has an immediate effect.\nParticipant 1: Compared to the whole house, everything, it's nothing and it can change everything.\nParticipant 1: Yeah, yeah.\nParticipant 2: We're not against removing the... What? The vent? The vent. Yeah, the vent.\nParticipant 1: You don't touch the system. It's a good system. You just touch the grills.\nParticipant 2: The only thing is that we have two units, two AC units, one for this part of the house and one just for the TV room and our master. And the unit is in the closet right now. It takes a lot of space.\nParticipant 1: the only thing if it's easier maybe to bring it outside yeah or yeah or to put like split for these two rooms so you mean like a new system new split system no let's try to figure out how we're bringing it outside okay yeah if we can move it outside and then we get more space obviously here yeah because this is just for this room and the master because it's just an extension I mean the living room and to answer in seven days because he found it somewhere in the court but you know I'm telling people yeah and what if it's going to come after 16 we're going to swim now what are we going to do yeah it says logistic like we can finish I would say anywhere between four to...

 Dusty yeah and it will take longer yeah no like we'll we'll find movie allowed to sign or to do things like that It's a few thousand dollars. Today, we're going to create a proposal, some mood boards, you know, like the work itself. You want to stay in the house or you design, it all depends also on you, how fast you react, blah, blah, you can finish.\nParticipant 2: You're going to reach out back to us with a proposal?\nParticipant 1: Yeah, give us a few. Someone here in Miami that I think is going to be phenomenal for this project. Who is going to be?\nParticipant 3: So to make sure you're receiving it on time when it's ready to be installed.\nParticipant 1: Okay, thank you very much. Then we're doing all the perming. We're doing the whole procurement process. We can manage it for you, we can do everything, but we are And when we start, know exactly what you want.\nParticipant 3: No, we know it's not possible to stay in the house.\nParticipant 1: It's possible, but it's real. Then we're going to submit to the city, you know, on time, many times they are sending the wrong product. Something happening that usually don't get it to, you know, usually it's still stale. You are. Yeah, I mean, yeah. License the insurance the permits and go to Chechi Pitino and ask him how much and he's gonna say the city's over. Yes We have a whole team that this is the only thing No, but they are not in the whole day ordering Handling the shipping handling before we start or two months before we start and we're doing the whole year.

\nParticipant 2: A project like this.\nParticipant 1: From three months to six months. And I know that in the industry, in the supply chain, that it's became a nightmare. And to design in a week or two, but usually it's taking more. Months, nothing. He's just creating plans for it.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Based on the ideas that we're going to discuss.\nParticipant 1: No, we're not changing we're ordering everything properly, you know Just to see that we understand each other, you know, you're gonna first of all You have the design and the permits the doing Focusing on cities. Yeah, there's a meeting for no Everything, yeah. People that we want. I believe Tuesday, Wednesday. Okay, perfect.