UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Hey, how are you?\nParticipant 1: I'm Ryan, nice to meet you.\nParticipant 1: I'm Laura, nice to meet you.\nParticipant 2: Hi, good morning, I'm Nancy, nice to meet you. I'm Laura, nice to meet you.\nParticipant 1: We're transcripting the conversation. Yeah, so we'll have all the information. I'll not forget anything or miss anything.\nParticipant 3: No problem.\nParticipant 1: So why do you want to renovate this beautiful house? Thank you. I think it's...\nParticipant 2: Yeah, I mean, it would be easy if you tell me like there's nothing we can do.\nParticipant 1: I mean, we can change it. We can do a lot, but OK, so we're going to.\nParticipant 2: So we bought our house five years ago. We love our house, but it's not like living in the house with two small kids, like it's not necessarily always functional. We also love We have you know friends family coming over a lot.\nParticipant 1: So Shabbat dinner.\nParticipant 2: Yes So we you know, like all of this make it like Not necessarily like easy for us to have like a lot of people in the house We're lacking a lot of storage as well So all you know, that's the reason why we're thinking of like changing the floor plan a little bit Okay So what we have is the house is 2,200 square feet total four bedrooms three bathrooms the garage was converted into a fourth bedroom and it has its own little bathroom we're not touching any of that but what we want is well first you see like we have this room here okay it's not bearing so we would like to break this one here too but what we want is well first you see like we have this room here that is huge for 2200 square house, this is big, and this is something that we really don't use.

 It's beautiful when you come in, but it's not as organized as possible. We like to break this wall. It's not really functional. So our idea, and obviously that's where you come in.\nParticipant 3: Which is Bering.\nParticipant 2: Which is Bering. So we know we'll have to do like with engineer and the whole thing. And then, so having like a bigger like open space, moving the kitchen a little, having a kitchen island, having a bigger kitchen too, because it's hard. I mean, I cook a lot and it's not, you know.\nParticipant 3: We want to redo the kitchen and if we have to move it a little bit here.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: I'm cooking a lot also, although maybe I'm not supposed to say it. No matter how big it will be, after a month you say, I don't have enough space.\nParticipant 2: I know. And it's never going to be, it's not going to be But I want to have a, you know, nice kitchen with an island. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Having a little bit more light too. So we'd like to open this wall. Maybe put like a bigger window. So like, you know, see more.\nParticipant 3: Or maybe more, no.\nParticipant 2: I would not say bigger, I would say better organized. Like, you know, maybe with like a built-in...\nParticipant 1: I want to understand a little bit better what you want to do with the kitchen. You want to demolish the whole wall over here, right? Including that thing. And then you want to make the window bigger, right?\nParticipant 2: Yeah, if we can make it like a little bigger so it would be like... I'm thinking if it's good or not, but like basically I would like to start the dining room maybe a little bit here, maybe like more like taking advantage of the square footage here. The laundry room is in the back, so we'd like to redo the laundry room as well. So maybe, you know, and maybe do something like, you know, with a booth or like, you know, like something that would be a little bit small.

 Maybe put like a bigger window also, like, you know, see more windows and we have a door, having maybe an access door towards the outside. I can go outside and show you also. And then when you work...\nParticipant 3: Yeah, maybe an island here, like a kitchen island.\nParticipant 1: Okay, so you want to push the kitchen... Yes, we want to get rid of it. So you want to demolish the whole chimney, the whole...\nParticipant 2: Like a nice door. This is a very, like, basic, like...\nParticipant 1: But transparent or... Not necessarily transparent.\nParticipant 2: If we put, like, bigger windows here, we have more light coming from the side. We can have, like, a nice, you know, like, um...\nParticipant 1: Bigger, right?\nParticipant 2: Yeah, if we can make it like a little bigger. I don't want to change anything here except for the flooring because we want to have the same flooring.\nParticipant 1: So flooring you want to replace.\nParticipant 2: And maybe do something like, you know, with a booth or like, you know, like something that would be a little bit smaller. Maybe put like a bigger window also, like, you know, to see the difference in pricing. One would be herringbone wood, like light concrete. Epoxy yeah kind of like you know what you see in the island and the Mediterranean island like that style yes so first of all you talking about two different style yeah one and then otherwise we like this you know like from the kitchen because right now it's not necessary practical we have to go over maybe a glass windows you know okay and like a plain door that would be like or you want to move to something else?

 So we have two ideas and like, you know, like herringbone, like, um, you're French.\nParticipant 1: I know. And it's like the wood, like you said, French, old style, also flowing in the whole house. And you want like to stay with wood?\nParticipant 2: But still keeping the space to have a dining table, because that's why we still want to be able to have people And in the front, we'd like to...\nParticipant 1: To where you want to grow the kitchen.\nParticipant 2: So, and you tell me, like, what is, um, solid door. Here are the kids' bedroom. We don't want... Cool.\nParticipant 1: And that would determine also the rest.