Participant 2: Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Mo, very nice to meet you.\nParticipant 1: How are you? I just want to tell you we're recording and transcripting just to remember everything.\nParticipant 2: If you're okay with that. Oh, you want to record?\nParticipant 1: Transcript it. Oh, transcript it. I'm at least getting old, so I want to remember everything.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: This apartment caught fire last August.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Upstairs, very bad.\nParticipant 2: So I hire a company who can do the clean-up thing. They finished. So you see, now it's ready to rebuild. So it's a three-bedroom apartment, three bedrooms upstairs, 2,500 square feet.\nParticipant 1: From what I understand, and correct me if I'm wrong, they did electricity? They did plumbing?\nParticipant 2: No, the electricity is the original. They did not touch the electricity.\nParticipant 1: So you want to do the electricity?\nParticipant 2: Yeah, we check it. I think we first check if it still can use. I think there's no damage. There's only small area that damaged by fire upstairs. But the main damage is because of water. When the fire department came, they sprayed water everywhere. So they basically damaged the house. The fire itself is not that big of a problem.\nParticipant 1: To begin with, let's think that we're replacing 100% of the electricity. And then we're going to start to look, check, work on it, and see if things can be used and reduced. Sure that everything is that bad, but like you said, we will need to bring an electrician, check it carefully, but I think it would be a good approach to start assuming that it needs to be replaced. Plumbing, for example, here, You want everything to stay at the same place?

\nParticipant 2: Everything, no change.\nParticipant 1: In the toilet.\nParticipant 1: No touch the structure.\nParticipant 1: Meaning the guest toilet, the toilet stay at the same place. The faucet will be here at the same place. Nothing changed. Where was the kitchen? Where is the kitchen? Right here. Right here. So the kitchen, again, I think. I mean...\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Same layout as well.\nParticipant 2: Exactly the same layout.\nParticipant 1: Plumbing doesn't look like a disaster. The building is not that old, you can tell.\nParticipant 2: The building is reasonable, but the fire is upstairs.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Was there like, there's no sprinkler system in this house?\nParticipant 2: No automatic spray, whatever.\nParticipant 1: So the whole apartment will need dry walls? Walls, ceiling, everywhere?\nParticipant 2: You're not doing anything to the flooring? I have to use a laminate. Laminate to give the price because I have to be very conservative.\nParticipant 2: Laminate floor.\nParticipant 1: Because of the rental, it's not fair.\nParticipant 2: Yes, yes, yes.\nParticipant 1: So, okay, that's rental, we know extremely well. You want like some floor that would look nice, would look modern, but inexpensive for rental. I understand it well. Yeah, yeah.\nParticipant 2: Yeah, so, you know, they set a fire, so the tenant.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Oh, the previous tenant? Yeah, yeah.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: It's very, very unreasonable.\nParticipant 2: Things happen. No, they can actually do this, but this lady could not speak, could not do that, and then went outside and called her nephew in Tampa. He explained that. And then her nephew called, blah, blah, blah. He can just put something on top and then...\nParticipant 1: Yeah. Everything will need isolation. Yeah, insulation. So we will have to have that. What's going on with the HVAC system?\nParticipant 2: It should work. That's what I was told at beginning. But I think it's here, right? Maybe need to clean. I don't know.\nParticipant 1: Look, if it's only ductwork, it's not the end of the world. It's nothing. The system is what's important.\nParticipant 2: Is upstairs.\nParticipant 1: So this floor is very, I think, easy. Drywalls, check the plumbing, electricity. Yeah, yeah. Floor, like we said, simple. Eliminate wood, isolation, that's it. Nothing more. And what do you want to do on the stairs?\nParticipant 1: It's the same thing, if we do laminate.\nParticipant 1: Laminate, like the same as the floor?\nParticipant 2: It was a beautiful apartment.\nParticipant 1: It will be also a beautiful apartment. Tell us about it Okay, what do you want to do with windows So you just want to replace the one that are broken yeah because only the glass yeah, we cannot replace a window without get permit right the homeowner association. And we need permit. We need permit.\nParticipant 2: But this, we need extra. So they don't want to look different.\nParticipant 1: No, no, no, no reason. We're going to use the same framing, the same aluminum, whatever you have here, whatever is broken, we're going to bring someone, replace the glass, call it a day. Floor on that floor, same thing. Simple, easy.\nParticipant 2: Two bathrooms over here.\nParticipant 1: Two bathrooms. We're going to do drywalls on the whole apartment. Ceiling and installation. What do you want to do with what you call this bathroom?\nParticipant 1: It's a bath and a shower.\nParticipant 1: So you want new bath. New bath. Make sure that new floor. New faucet. New faucets, new vanity. Floor, new. Floor, new. We are inside the bathroom. So there is a small...\nParticipant 2: It should be. Yeah, yeah, yeah.\nParticipant 1: We need a small demo on this bathroom for like the floor and the bath itself. I think we're going to do on the walls. What do you want to do with tiles? Like halfway, all the way, no tiles on the walls.\nParticipant 2: Normally, this is OK. Only that side, we have tiles.\nParticipant 1: So we're going to do tiles to the top? Yeah, to the top, easy.\nParticipant 2: And then we can even remove that side. It's not useful this way, right?\nParticipant 1: Yeah, we're doing demo. We need a small demo here. So yeah, we can, whatever you want.\nParticipant 2: have a drop-down seating.