When I tell you make money? Know I was willing to pay more for something that was well done versus something that I need to do. All that stuff to life and Korean, right? By the way, this employment is so 11, 24 hours. I bought it in lesventory, four, but from the moment they listed 24 hours. For five months, six months, and there's a reason why they're released the four six five months called Novation Dallas, exactly. I don't wanna I don't want no money? So, so I understood, and then I'm already Lola Salvador.

And he decided to tame the wall. He made the wall of the master bedroom. A glass wall, so he had a glass wall from his bedroom to the living room. And I'm. I, I went in. I'm, like, wow, and they, this is very new. So then. So, then, the real estate area was trying to convince me how beautiful it was. I'm like, it's beautiful for our person, but this is for. I mean, either, he thought he was gonna live here forever, but there's no, you're gonna find anybody else that will have the same taste and somafones.

Doing by doing something well, but don't go too crazy, because then that's your sound on somebody else. Who did you explaining that because? People, you know, they don't just respond to make something nice. It is important because you know, we might want to sell it. And it's not just about how much you want to sell it. You don't want to have a complicated set. You don't want to pay three months four months of the month of the year and the month finding the right ladies and where the life and lesions in the Bible, unanimous, Etc, etc, so it's just about it's a compromise with the way yes, between, like, uh, making your dream?

Let me get. What's your number six, four, six, okay, twenty, nine, six, four, three? 393. Seven, three, zero, nine. Okay, so I was saying yes, send me the photo and. Yeah, send me the photos. And now, okay, open the proposal. I wanted to take a scare of the bathrooms.

Either way, we can save a closer.

Well, thank you. You're gonna have to pull it up for a second. I'll just put it right now.

No. So great. Thank you. Are you gonna give it to you? Okay, everything. Okay, so we're going to. We're walking with a client all time. We don't have time for time. We're going to put everything over there. Okay, let's start. We talk two minutes. Whatever photos? Mostly every day. Sometimes every few days that you don't you, you could like YouTuber. You live here, for example, and you don't have all your invoice said. Everything you need. Yeah, right. When you go to sleep, it's great English. And then, from that, now that you're able to like it would create, uh, let's create a floor plan everything else. Yeah, oh, well, technology. It's good, I mean.

Great! Thank you very much! Thank you so much!

[Speaker 2]
Yeah, absolutely to hear from you. Maybe a couple of hours. So, no, no, you're good. Yeah, appreciate it. Thank you. No, thank. You have a great day. Bye, bye.