But by
January, I think we had depleted all of the reserves and the bill went sky high.
start_time 1758115990965
end_time 1758115994692
speaker
name Ravit Doozli
words And plus, obviously, the place was cold. That's the worst.
start_time 1758115994692
end_time 1758116394066
speaker
name Ravit Doozli
words Yeah. So we had to do that, but that also allowed us, got into a NYSERDA
program where we were able to do not just the boiler but in our basement as you're
gonna see we did foam spray okay you know for to kind of keep the heat in and then
also our attic we also did that as well so it's unfinished attic but you'll see that
there's foam spray there so that was like the first Got a lot of those things out the
way.
And then the rest was more like the appliance stuff. So we had to change our
dishwasher. We changed, I just recently changed our refrigerator here. Okay. And
our dryer went. So some of the major appliances, but the other stuff, you know,
we're just cosmetic and we're just, you know, because we just are newly into the
house, pretty much we're still in the first quarter of it, all the other stuff. We'd like to
do to the house it's gonna take time yeah so as you can see right here number one
thing the drop ceiling you know not a big fan of it you need to replace that you know
just kind of and just the look of the house okay you know we this like this the floors
floors yeah what do you want to do you want to do hardwood floors yes and the
main thing is I would like to level everything yeah okay because this is what this is
the new side of the house okay this is I guess the original the extension yeah yeah I
think and you have no idea why they did it like that that's the thing no we don't know
I I'm sure there's something I you know structurally why they just why it had to be
raised but um but you're gonna lose a lot of space because it's not high ceiling over
here are you sure you want to do yeah because the thing is you think it's opening up
right I believe I think so yeah there was at least several I want to say like several
inches up okay so we can do it yeah yeah I think we wouldn't really lose too much
doing that but just the idea of you know just instead of having these ramps okay to
level the floors I know that's a major job there but ideally before I go further from this
point I guess I'll bring it through the the ground up because I really want to work from
the Yeah, of course.
Let's go. Alright, so let's take you to the beach. Okay. Thank you. One of the other
things I would suggest too, I would say, two, three years ago, we changed our
streetcars to go out here. Okay. And that also went um you know the garage the
garage hood up was the old one so we changed it put this in so this all this side of
the house is like the newer side So yes, so this is the newer half of the house.
They had finished it. Okay. Um, you know, I had to change this because the, there
was, this is when you go in our guest room, there is a, um, we had a, uh, what do you
call like one of those jet tubs or jacuzzi tubs? Yes. So it's placed it. Yeah. Um, it
wasn't because of the tub itself, but it was the AC is one of those portable AC units.
That you have to have a hose to drip water into it so between that and then there
was like a small leak in the tub I guess when someone used it and it kept dripping
over the side.
So you had to replace the pipe? The pipe or it wasn't even the flooring it had gotten
through the flooring and created a drip here we couldn't find it but it was puddling so
I had to open this up and I had instead of keeping re-sheetrock the whole thing I just
have this as a trapdoor which I always yes so it will be easier if something in the
future yeah yeah will happen that's smart yeah so so this is the new we have the the
garage itself everything is good here it's just to probably just finish the walls um
change some of this here I want to change the lighting because these these were
spent very expensive to change okay so lighting in the garage when you want to
paint the ceiling yeah the walls I I do you want to do something also doesn't bother
you I think not too much yeah um I mean we're not keeping any cars in the garage
right now because obviously the kids and stuff so just an open space to be used um
maybe aesthetically might do something probably to match out especially in the
basement that's like when we went over here this is where we want to really do the
work okay this is just to finish it out so let's leave the walls as these because so here
so this is the where I want to the ground of this stuff is okay so we have this
unfinished part back here you know at first I thought it was grand idea to open it up
and maybe use it as extra space shelving or whatever but when we look back there
it's just basically back filled with dirt okay and uh structurally or just it'll be more
expensive to try to make it into something yes so leave well enough load yeah I don't
think you should touch it yeah yes but what I want to do is at least fill it like you
know properly seal it close it in yeah and and finish the walls okay so as you can see
this is where you see their block and then the original foundation of the house they
use rough stone nice I guess I guess what they had at the time but obviously we
need to you know clean it up this is one of the windows that we did change yeah I
can see it's new but yeah we want to definitely you know finish the basement like
you know the walls the ceilings okay you know majorly we We did was as you can
see they you know in terms of electrical zoning and what they did