So all of the people that work on our projects, all of our partners, plumbers, electricians, architects, whoever's like a subcontractor on our project, they have to work quick because we are committing to timelines and we're promising quick growth. So we have a network of folks that are like It's generally probably a little bit quicker than the industry standard, but unfortunately with architects, it's extremely common for you to have that kind of experience.

 Slow, non-responsive, like week over week to do updates.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 4: And like literally every week, every month, that's why we're like group burning money.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Yeah, like, let me give you an example. If we were to engage an architect this Friday, one of mine, we could have a full set of drawings together in maximum two weeks.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 4: Maximum two weeks. Full set of drawings in maximum two weeks.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Maximum two weeks.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Like ready to submit to the board.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Ready to submit to the board, yeah. That's exactly what we need.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Yeah, so look, what I'll, yeah, I'll take my measurements, my floor plans, and videos. And get in touch with a few folks on my team this week. I'll get you to load that up, or to tell me an electrical, and then also the architect and, you know, we can chat about it.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 4: That sounds wonderful. Yeah, that sounds great.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: You know, that's my favorite building in the whole world.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: What? 432 Park Avenue. The Scandinavian Tower?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 3: Oh, God, it's like, yeah. That's funny, my office is right across the street from it. I used to stare into it every day. Really? Yeah, there's the, I don't know, I don't know what floor it is, but it must be a golf floor or something. It has a pool. You can throw a ball around it. My office would, like, scare the reputation of my pool, which I always thought was awkward.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: But it's architecturally supposed to be cool.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 3: Yeah, we could probably do that a few years ago. Oh, nice.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Yeah, that must be, like, multi-go-right. They bought it for $35 million, and they got it a whole week.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 4: It's a rowdy area, right? Wow.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 3: The empty floors, is that right? That's for wind flow. One other question.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: I think we decided not to install central air at this point just for price. Otherwise, I would love to do it.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Just for budget consciousness, can you help them install modern window units?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 4: For sure.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: And also, the reason why You mean those floors? Yeah. Because mechanical floors... If the buildings have a certain amount of height they can build, the mechanical floors are exempt from being that high. So they put whole floors, they stack the mechanical, a whole floor, so that building, I think there's like four or five of the double floors that are open, and they have mechanical in them, they just allow them to be ectomagnetic.

 They don't count towards the height.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: That's cool.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Alright, I'll see you in three minutes.