Everything can be done.

12:55 - Participant 2
Yeah, it's just for me.

12:59 - Participant 1
I will have to analyze it, come to a price, and then analyze it.

13:04 - Participant 2
Totally new construction and do ROI, like what's the cost-effectiveness yeah the analysis of it yeah but I think jack jack's easy I mean the house like for how old it is it's in really good conditions and like like even when you see inside like there's been hurricanes there's been and like this window's open so with the with the hurricanes and everything like inside it stayed pretty good to be that old so we have we have a lot of hope in this house It's got a lot of good foundation.

13:39 - Participant 1
Yeah, and the foundation can be also, you know, if there is a trough that is broken or termites, it can be replaced slowly.

13:50 - Participant 2
Yeah, that, definitely.

13:53 - Participant 1
We need to evaluate what is the best approach to get to the end result.

13:59 - Participant 2
Yeah, and that's why we need you guys, because I was like, we had other people that wanted to help us and And for us to do it ourselves and I'm like, I don't know like, you know with the elevation and all that Like I prefer to be a process that it's all with one person than to be doing it with separate people. So yeah, I mean Go ahead Yeah, the main entrance here, okay because there's a I was thinking here or there over there but I think it's going to be here so just take this opening and make it a door so obviously like have the steps here because we want to have the living room closer to the street and the bedrooms back there because like right now this is a bedroom yeah guest bedroom master bedrooms uh right behind yet so we won't see so yes we would like to have just a living room here have the entrance here not like all the way back there um like some of this openings remain and I just put some windows windows here. I think this is like, uh, yeah, like this will be a closet. This would be a bathroom. Uh, so all of this needs to probably be filled again.

15:12 - Participant 1
Obviously we're going to take out all the, all the openings, all the PTACs, AVHC, whatever you want to call them and close the window. And we're going to put a system. Semi-central or something like that.

15:31 - Participant 2
Yeah, for sure. Cause this is not an orchard. And then the only, well, no, there's two areas where we would like to add a square footage. So it would be here.

15:45 - Participant 1
So, okay. So you want to cancel this entrance. We're going to cancel this entrance. And then you want to build, build it. So it's going to be inside the house that you're going to gain some square footage.

15:58 - Participant 2
So, yeah. Cause I mean, we could do it like over there in the driveway we have so much, but that's probably going to be a later on project. So right now, yeah. So I mean, all of this is concrete, but I guess again, we'll have to see when we raise it. But, uh, so yeah, this, so obviously like demo this, demo this CMU walls and then half.

16:22 - Participant 3
Extend them out. You want it to here?

16:27 - Participant 2
Yeah, as much as we can take. Yeah, extend out like up to this edge. And then probably, the only thing is the roof. But this is the only area that's going to have to be figured out, but already it's damaged. So this is probably going to have to be...

16:43 - Participant 1
No, look, this is going to be replaced anyway. Why this thing? The trowels is the, you know, you can see that the, good from the upstairs it's just bigger but they're not so expensive yeah you know it's like they're still alive yeah yeah oh yeah yeah so so yeah this square footage we would like to add to the house um and then some in the back um no one will live here no no someone lives here uh we had someone but not right now yeah it's been vacant for a couple months now okay so we come here about months twice a month Trying to make a little trip out of it.

17:24 - Participant 3
You want the thing over there?

17:28 - Participant 2
We just leave it there. He's like, I want to take all of this. I like it.

17:32 - Participant 1
You know, every time that I'm doing a tour like that, I don't think I don't think about this one. I think about the last years, how I never kept them. How I never kept all the details that I had to. I mean, someone taking them, they're not going to the garbage. Usually the demo company, they trade them. That's mainly why demo is kind of cheap, because usually it's the business. They just take it out. They take it, they sell it. Yeah, this could be refurbished.

18:05 - Participant 3
No, there's a lot of stuff that could be refurbished, for sure. It's a nice little thing.

18:12 - Participant 2
So yeah, so this would be something that we would So how long have you been in Miami?

18:28 - Participant 1
It's about a year now. Oh, okay. You were in New York? I live in New York. I was like, I don't know, maybe 15 years in New York. And that's where you met Lonely or you guys met? Yes, yes. Is that your wife? Is that your wife now? No, that's your partner. No, my partner. He's the one I messaged. Yeah, I mean, the weather is nice.

18:56 - Participant 3
Yeah, it's freezing up in New York right now.

18:59 - Participant 1
As you're getting old, it's impactful. It's empty.

19:03 - Participant 2
Yeah, no, no. Now I know why I live in Florida.

19:08 - Unidentified Speaker
I used to want to live in like, but now I'm like, nah, I prefer.

19:11 - Participant 1
No, no, the weather is nice.

19:14 - Participant 2
It's too hot. So this, this would be the other area where we would like to add to the house.

19:27 - Participant 1
Yeah, take out the porch. Take the porch and create this, excuse me, space.

19:34 - Participant 2
So yeah, right now on the floor plan, this would be like the living room And then the kitchen would be right here too.