Cause, cause even I was thinking like, I mean, if we're elevating this and that's going to stay at that high, like do we do the roof again for this one? You know what I mean? Cause if we can elevate everything at same time it'll be perfect I don't know how that works but if like it's a lot harder to elevate everything and that needs to stay there and we need to redo the roof then we'll probably do the roof yeah look first of all I like it when it's different right from a static point of view so you can do the other way around or you know play with that yeah right right have chance to play around with it for sure yeah so I think from seeing the windows what do you want to do with the windows so I try to use the openings as much as I could but a lot of people are telling me no don't worry about that so so I place the windows on like the existing openings but a lot of you don't want to get the windows no this no no we and we and because we're doing the whole reno we have I think we have to provide for the hurricane yeah so I'm like I'm just planning for that like new doors and new windows yeah so we we have to our plan is to demo all of that and get the stoco redone as well like I said like this goes away and then we put it over here so you're gonna do new stoco I look you you will have to do new stoco because I believe when moving and playing with that you're going to get more cracks in the snow much more many more yeah so yeah and this is done so long ago but yeah 1952 was when this house was built so yeah so so yeah you'll see like there's some like openings like for the window units I mean the windows are nice yeah they're nice because you Yeah, you can open them and then you get the nice breeze.

7:34 - Participant 1
We'll save them and we'll see.

7:37 - Participant 2
We're not adding a lot. We're just renovating so we're going to keep all of this.

7:58 - Participant 1
When you say a keep, I mean... Well, actually, yeah. It's going to be out. I don't see a way to lift the house, keep this. I mean, I can find a way to demo it in a way that it can be rebuilt. If you really like it or something like that. And again, we're going to evaluate cost. And you decide if you want to demo it brick by brick, hit the bricks, redo it, or you know, do a new one or something like that. But I think we like the concept, right? Concept is great, this is great, all of that, yes. I tell you what, I'm seeing a lot lately in Miami and in that area is that people asking to create some kind of terrace or balcony you know like in the movies when the grandmother sit on that chair people want that now I don't know why that's interesting I mean yeah like it's already elevated so you could do something like that small balcony at the front that you can sit yeah they're loving to see it I know, but...

9:21 - Participant 2
You know what I was thinking? I was saying, well, maybe we do a rooftop over there, but I'm like, there's nothing really to see, so it's like... On the garage?

9:30 - Participant 3
I know, for sure.

9:31 - Participant 3
This is very nice.

9:34 - Participant 1
Look, it's a very nice house. Thank you. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

9:38 - Participant 3
It's held together for a lot.

9:40 - Participant 3
It's held together for a lot.

9:42 - Participant 1
But, yeah, you need to elevate it, so you have to do...

9:48 - Participant 2
So how does that work?

9:51 - Participant 1
There is a lot of methods. You can either to come it all depends on also how the house how how much how much uh structure you need to add like what in the process like steel or wood or something that will hold everything together from the inside and then you can you don't need to dig in here, just like get in start with some you know jacks or some kind of an equipment and sometimes you can do from the with the crane from the upstairs I left I don't I don't I don't think it's been souped here I think the house is too fragile yeah too brittle for that I think it would be more like jack from the below but listen everything was done you know I was just talking to my partner my partner is 20 years younger than me and we are israelis okay is that elite also? Elite yeah and in tel aviv there was a main street it was very narrow and the whole side the whole surrounding was like all you know templars it's the community from germany and from I think from Kansas or something like that. Like it's kind of an ancient religion or something like that. And they came to Israel 200, 300 years ago. And they built over the houses beautiful buildings, beautiful, beautiful. But the city grew and they had to make the street big. And it's like the pentagon And they needed more. All the buildings were picked up and moved 20, 30, 40 foot away. And been kept perfect, everything perfect. And it's now maybe the most high places in Tel Aviv. So you can do, I can move the house to a different neighborhood if you want. But it all depends on how much it's going to cost, if it's walking. If you know over there it was worth it because the history right and the willing the Tel Aviv is a city that really like everything is kept everything yeah obviously there is the houses from 300 years ago there is more than 2000 buildings that are being kept so the value is the history so they didn't same project. By the way, in Manhattan it was also done. The whole building was moved in Times Square from one place to like two blocks away. Oh wow.