Under cost.

1:04:05 - Unidentified Speaker
I know, I know, but sometimes people think that they can do stuff and...

1:04:09 - Unidentified Speaker
And we pull trash on the ocean, so we work with ocean cleanup companies to...

1:04:14 - Unidentified Speaker
To different designs and styles and we're really flexible in terms of, you know, what...

1:04:19 - Unidentified Speaker
To the garden, you know, decking and the budget was... And modernize the plumbing and the electricity.

1:04:27 - Unidentified Speaker
I thought about different priorities back then.

1:04:29 - Unidentified Speaker
A plan to spend a million on renovations, all in one. But when we bought on this side of the house may not go into that so that can be so it will be easy to do the renovation you know whatever because you can live here okay but he wants 40 grand and it's I think that's a lot a beam coming across here I don't know I mean you can close this off and just have exactly that's wonderful you guys take care have a good day you too bye can you use the drawers because they're disgusting we painted the these ones but the reason we've got storage outside is because so I had to put a lamp in but it's so beautiful it's big it's really big sales if possible yeah and now look for I think that the kitchen but it's a lot of work you know definitely this was a carriage house for horses and not horses sorry for um car hotels so we stock um hotels in the caribbean hotels in the Maldives.

1:05:58 - Unidentified Speaker
As you can see, like the electric box, because I need to use the restroom, I'm dying.

1:06:02 - Unidentified Speaker
That's okay.

1:06:04 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, we can use here. Yeah. Of course, the summer. God, it's warm out. I just come to college. The electric bucket, I think that's the electric box if I'm not wrong, but it's, it's. Can you access it? It's great. Thousand in wood as opposed to a hundred thousand. What we want to do is do this ourselves and then go ah the plumbing needs to be redone. You know we might need your help to design it all together so we can plumb it and put plugs in. So cool that's insane yeah what's really funny is the last company came around I sent two people to and then you've got the bedroom bathroom next door okay so we can figure it out but this house is only a three bedroom. How are you going to live during the renovation? We've got two options. And do it all again but now the plan has changed so the original contractor wanted to completely we then take off all the walls and do the electric straight away I don't know but definitely you know bridge big beams in and make and bring the house back to like a an old feel again we've got some and she's three so Yeah, so this house spent more than 250 on the structural part. 500 boxes. When we found out that they probably weren't able to do the work, we can grow it up. This room doesn't have a closet and we're going to put in a wall here. What we were going to do is there's two garages, so this is one. It depends on the work that needs to be done. The problem with this barn is this will become a laundry room and a boot room because we ski.

1:08:24 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, but that's good, you know.

1:08:27 - Unidentified Speaker
That's helping. The kitchen is fine. The kitchen looks better than that one. The kitchen and the bathroom.

1:08:33 - Unidentified Speaker
Not necessarily, but yeah.

1:08:36 - Unidentified Speaker
This is three kitchens. So it was a big plot before. It still is a big plot. Physically measure every corner. And in 10 years if you want to sell it, I think it should be a full bed. Oh nice, nice, oh nice, nice. Well the kitchen is family, it's family matching stuff, so you know. But anyway, long story short, this is just the plasterboard. So you'll notice, if we make millions of dollars over the next few years, and we go, right, space, do you do a sliding door so that it doesn't open into the shower? Swimwear brand. So these are all my designs, basically I design swimwear. Things like this room I would want to we have yeah but it is porous it is all this cheap word and whitewash and you know partly because And then let's see if the budget is right. Let's make sure we can save that cash, put our cash in. It's in a fund now, so maybe it will be better. Even if you guys say we can do it within budget, maybe we can do it a little bit more. If the floor floods, I have to very quickly dry it. Do we do the roof in this house? This house is 30 years, the roof is 30 years old. Yeah we need to start with the extension definitely so um if we can work to actually we actually have okay so that's the vibe this is your floor wonderful stuff is coming out so definitely the pipes are old um I get it but you have priorities you're not willing to needs to come together if we're going to put a pool in and we're gonna put the decking in and we're gonna put all these gorgeous oak barrels we've got lots of antiques like see that that way it doesn't matter you know having it there it doesn't make any sense so that I want to do as much as possible but I understand that swimming pool but it's gorgeous I think me or Ravit can share with you a lot of you know projects we've done yes the would rather we joined them and made it all on property.

1:12:22 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

1:12:23 - Unidentified Speaker
But we take the kitchen out. It all has to interconnect.

1:12:25 - Unidentified Speaker
Do you have an architect?

1:12:27 - Unidentified Speaker
No. We have, we've got a few. Definitely. Yeah.

1:12:31 - Unidentified Speaker
So you moved recently to the US?

1:12:33 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, because there's nowhere for the water to go. So if we could make it into a wet room, plumb in a drain, you'll see...

1:12:39 - Unidentified Speaker
It's a long term, it's just, you know, a year and... Yeah.

1:12:42 - Unidentified Speaker
At the same time, I don't want to wait eight years.