So we have...

1:22:05 - Unidentified Speaker
What's your budget?

1:22:07 - Unidentified Speaker
So, the other house. Yeah. That's how we want the house to feel. We've got a cowhide. Old houses.

1:22:20 - Unidentified Speaker
What? Old houses. Yes, yes.

1:22:23 - Unidentified Speaker
He's just doing upstairs. It's massive. I mean, we just have a projector and some chairs and have it as a cinema. OK, so yes. For the extension. Yeah, sorry. Yes, yes. OK. In Singapore, we did we install our own kitchen and bathroom.

1:22:38 - Unidentified Speaker
Wow!

1:22:38 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes, this can be ripped out someday. This wardrobe is not needed because if we've got a Walk-in, the long-term plan would be, sadly, to rip out the kitchen. It's a problem.

1:22:49 - Unidentified Speaker
If we work closely with the architect, we make sure the scope and the budget are. In this bathroom, I'm putting a new one in.

1:22:55 - Unidentified Speaker
That's not a big deal, you know. For us, it's relocating plumbing.

1:22:59 - Unidentified Speaker
Everything for later, you know, like sending the floors, I know you want to do it. Then the damage is much higher. No, no, it's not our first.

1:23:07 - Unidentified Speaker
We've done it outside, so we have to figure out like not making the decking too over, you know, we have to everything. I'll show you some pictures, but basically we put glass at the front and glass doors to Walk onto with 1.6, so we've only got 470k left. It's beautiful. What's that colour? Walnut? Brass? My husband and I, we like completely done. My husband took out the... But I think it would have to be... Something along the lines of... That's a bit too... Too cool, isn't it? Very.

1:23:42 - Unidentified Speaker
Very. Very nice.

1:23:43 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, so it's not kid-friendly. We have two small children. So, we are in the heights of the summer. Because our winter gear hadn't arrived. This is the problem. So it's not just aesthetic. I want it to be a wet room. My kids shower and upstairs is where people lived. So this bathroom, I don't know how old it is, but like this used to be a kitchen. The summer is always easy. The lounge, for me, is quite tight. The extension, the triangle would come over that way, so we'd have to see how it looks inside. Now, so yeah. Beautiful.

1:24:26 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah. But sorry, you have to sit in the rain. Yeah.

1:24:29 - Unidentified Speaker
originally it was phase one and phase two then it became um and we'll have probably two cars okay and then um you've brought courage men that that looked after the horses so the horses were in a stable and yeah yeah so yeah I think we did We have an in-house design team that will work with you very closely. A million miles away. So we went back and forth and it took us like two months of going back and forth. Last year we went here and it didn't sell. For me, you can't do it. Yeah, this is our kind of like a den. Into here, into the boot room and take skis off, take coats off. And then things like the bathroom and the, and any...

1:25:43 - Unidentified Speaker
The proposal is going to be estimate, you know, because it's going to be...

1:25:48 - Unidentified Speaker
So I can enjoy staying here more. That's the idea. It's my transition to working with footers on the house. In Asia, everything is locked down for a long time. It's a swimwear company. We're only three years old, but it's stocking. It wasn't built as a house. It doesn't have the right foundations, the weight load. Really, it's not just a bit of a waste of... Yeah, you can definitely make that. One big box. It might not be phase one, it could be phase two, but the extension will extend. Because the dorm is massive, but I'm trying to think, where's my board, is that High street?

1:26:33 - Unidentified Speaker
I love it.

1:26:43 - Unidentified Speaker
Unfortunately, our bedroom will probably move to the top of the extension.

1:26:56 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, that's why I asked you if you want a second floor toilet. Yes. So here. Yeah, that's the entire length in each room.

1:27:04 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, but I'm okay. If we simply wall. So you know we know what can go wrong and change all this. Phase one is going to be minor works and then phase two it's and when we first got tap and green stains so in terms of the really bad it's obviously had a leak and they've tried to like fix it so it's this bathroom the kitchen and the bathroom downstairs how much it costs to do the brickwork on the glass so you know I think you have to go to wood my son is doing like um what's the what's the panel is the paneling on the house it's like in here the small thing i've got to cap these beams you can't do it my advice don't do it let us do it kitchen I'm putting in a mud room yeah it's for us it's great with strings okay He works for a company here and they moved him over and the thing, the trim, because he was going to see this, we thought this was But the problem is we can't do this until upstairs is done because the upstairs bathroom is the only part of the floor or the electric needs to be redone so we need to design it together. It's a home for us so we're well on our way to children and we're going to be here for at least 10-15 years. I'm a diver. Where is it?

1:29:18 - Unidentified Speaker
Oh, okay.

1:29:20 - Unidentified Speaker
Is this part of phase one or that's left?

1:29:24 - Unidentified Speaker
We can work on the design once we move forward, you know.

1:29:29 - Unidentified Speaker
Bathroom and then the bathroom is there. So the house is kind of like it's evolved, but it hasn't been, you know, somewhat ourselves, but the structure, putting the building, the structure old like this.