But we're going to save a lot of money because...

7:14 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Okay, I'm going to scan this floor so I have...

7:18 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
Do you want to start early or... Okay. So you're like... The extension is going to be quite a sizable one so it's going to require... Yeah, value engineering. Yeah, like basically a bit more of gaps he can do things like You don't want to do this and then have to replace the exact exactly exactly as that's exactly in the kitchen Yeah It's beautiful it's wonderful a lounge kitchen and bathroom Okay, so Is extension okay phase two is um Toilet here and have the bathroom here.

8:36 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Yeah and the vanity in the corner Perfect listen I'm gonna I'm gonna talk to my architects, I'm gonna...

8:53 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Extension, kitchen and bathrooms, you know. With the extension, this one doesn't have it. They did it on the other side, which is where they put the kitchen and bathroom.

9:04 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Okay.

9:04 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, yeah.

9:06 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
It's crazy. But the wardrobe is... That'd be quite cool. We could put like a nice chunky bit of wood in the middle there. Like this lounge. There it is. It's all part of the plan. We're going to whip it out. What's your time?

9:40 - Unidentified Speaker
To expand the footprint, you can have a shower and a bathtub.

9:47 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

9:48 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Exactly. And the second house and the pool would be later. Okay. Next page. That you can take a look and get inspired. Amazing. We've got lots, we've got stone, we've got wood. We can use that for a lot of the interior. We were going to extend, but we can do that. So yeah, the piping in the extension to be, but I've got a picture of like the exact oh we've done something similar if I had millions it'd be absolutely incredible but uh i've only really got my pinterest in space so I'm gonna have some halloween on here yeah it's beautiful it's wonderful i've got a big window really I would love to you know put a skylight in the bedroom we've got okay so tomorrow I know it's crazy isn't it? 500 for the extension and the bath and then this one we can put a skylight in. Okay. This becomes our Walk-in wardrobe. He was gonna start in September. Okay. So he said don't unpack the house. Bedroom. So the bedroom I think would be a lounge, kitchen and bathroom. Based on what we discussed, obviously So extension, kitchen, basically finished this side of the house. Sorry, you know, it's not going to work out, so we're fine. But it's, well, it's not, I don't agree with it, but we've got a cowhide. When you turn the heating on the house, the pipes squeak. That's normal. It's what, you know, I love to be designed together. And then if we go right, phase one, phase two, two, phase three, it has to be old. So like walnut, brass, you know, that kind of accent. So that's the kind of thing.

12:14 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
Or you can have the vanity on the wall.

12:17 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Over here. Yeah. Or this side. That'd be cool. Um, then the, the, yeah, like, yeah.

12:26 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Do you have architect plan?

12:28 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
No, we don't have an architect plan. Double shower. Yes. You know, you can do it.

12:32 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
If you put the bath over. A little one in there.

12:35 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
So when our family comes with the kids, they can, you know, the kids can stay in there.

12:39 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
You're going to send the PDF?

12:41 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, send it to me so I can look at everything.

12:44 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
So it can be about one big red frame. Like a floor drape. So you need to waterproof the whole floor, and it's crazy. I said, why is it so expensive? Can you break it down, itemize it? And they itemized it. And they put the same glass. And families love, they go on holiday, they can match, you know. It's fun. You need to design it all together. At the same time. And then we can pick which bits you guys are going to construct. So if doing this, we need to rip out anything in here, that's fine.

13:07 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
My son can sleep. Sam, see what he's saying. He can give you a price.

13:14 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
Beautiful.

13:15 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
So we can have a big deck of, you know, this kind of vibe, basically. This room needs work, but it'd be good to put a bigger window in. I think it was bigger before. So we probably thought we'd spend 1.3 at best. They gave us a design. Far too modern and I said no no we don't want this is not my husband's gonna install the kitchen and build the kitchen himself okay we can schedule a call yeah lovely you can meet him lovely I'll prepare the yeah so this is also for phase one okay throughout the house I want to bring back the character I think that what they've done is they've modernized it anyway we can think how priority is doing the extension let me show you the cost is expensive now yeah exactly one thing for the plumbing like once we're ripping out let's say this the one that's like the workshop that we're going to do so again like if the architect can we'll have the architect plans we'll have some changes and adjustments we launched just as covid finished and it went crazy because people have not been able to A little bit change after the drawings and everything, okay?

14:32 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.