We could put the tub under. Carved into that one. This weekend, my husband is again like...

47:20 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
I have someone amazing. Really? Yes. He's very good.

47:24 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
We've had family stay, so we kind of put the bed up here. So you've got bedroom here. We don't want to do plastic, and if plastic brings down the colour, we're thinking, why couldn't we, you know, put the same colour? Okay. But I don't see the point ripping the floor out, I think it's going to be expensive. Okay. Yeah, so the problem is, all of our renovation money, we were hoping to, because if we were going to start September, there's no point putting pictures up and unpacking everything. Yeah, definitely. We saw the garage doors, this will become the garage. This is the bedroom. No light. As part of the overall design, design we'd want to make sure that everything and cut off land and they didn't let her so fire hydrant yeah we're using it as a doorstop now but we've got lots of things like that which will bring back the house we had to pay a lot more than we hoped you know renovating the second one but again when we get to this side do we do the electric whether you do the you but we haven't engaged one yet so that's perfect yeah we've been speaking to people but yeah okay uh yeah that's it you can't use it for outside or for kitchens or Let me just take a few to be honest, because it's a big job.

49:45 - Unidentified Speaker
And I think there's substantial plumbing.

49:49 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
We want to restore, not on this side of the house, but maybe here, the garage doors to be, you know, he can get quite involved. Things like pulling out the kitchen and restoring that and making the mudroom would be to cap them with chunky wood and bring back the farmhouse. We want it to feel like a... Phase one, phase two, phase three. We can re-dig it, you know, but this one is the least... Right, because he's a carpenter. Yes, but I mean, he's not a professional carpenter. Carpenter he's done loads of he does lots of this so you've got basically like a big dormer glass we'd have to reduce the glass but it wasn't designed for that you know it was designed it wasn't designed for and we've got um some pictures of the kind of inspo but I think the bath has a farmhouse you know we're english so we want to bring much kitchen we want to get it right now and then we can go into the like styling. See you inside the house and you'll know why we need an extension. My last renovation in Singapore, the contractor. The walls, the floor, the plumbing, the electric, the glass, the shell, we can't do. So we're not going to do anything major here and be honest we could involve you guys design it all in one that's better I don't know if we have electric I hate taxes they need to keep it in budget but I also want the Wow because we've got wood everywhere yeah it should only be at the front anyway so um so it's bathrooms kitchen and I spent ages trying to clean the floors um so i've we've done it's like I said before so like this no so we would do a bar where the dining area is it would be bar then dining this house will be replacing and with brick so keep it from... Do you guys want to quickly see the design? I think glass is going to cost money because you know I would love to take this tubing This is the double garage, which is massive. And this is another garage area. But if the renovation is minor, we can stay here.

53:25 - Unidentified Speaker
You know, the second floor part, but maybe the first floor we can keep in.

53:28 - Unidentified Speaker
That's also an option.

53:31 - Unidentified Speaker
I think part of the bottom.

53:54 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
We bought the boxes and we've suddenly started unpacking. We're like, let's just live in the house. At the moment, I'd like to start shooting. I've just hired a team in Singapore to come over. Have you guys done anything similar before?

54:17 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
Yeah, we've worked on...

54:18 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
I think that, to be honest, my husband and I could probably handle it. Bring back kind of the black, black and white tones.

54:27 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
I love your styles.

54:28 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
The house is a priority. Yeah. Okay. Cool.

54:35 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Much easier.

54:36 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
Yeah, we got all the dimensions, anything she needs for the... Yeah, yeah, we do.

54:41 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
advantage because it's so then they painted it and did some like yeah you know touch up barely any upgrade tile the bathroom I want to make it nice it's it's pretty bad my doors and tom and I were like we actually love love the house we just need to you know add more so um what we're going to do is that's the basement okay got it the more expensive things are getting I mean this this helps with this type of design This is the kind of furniture we buy, right? But that we can do even after, we need to see it here. We've done various renovations in Singapore and we had lots of massive rooms, you'll see it. So one of the things I'd like to look at is...

55:29 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
It was nice. Yeah, she liked you.

55:32 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Electric or not, or whether we have an electrician just come and do it.

55:38 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
The measurements for everything.

55:40 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
It doesn't catch you.

55:43 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Yeah. It's a mess because we're still unpacking. There's no furniture, so... But the windows we've designed are smaller, so it's like...