Than we hoped and cut off land and they didn't let her so fire hydrant yeah we're using it as a doorstop now but we've got lots of things like that which will bring back as part of the overall design we'd want to make sure that everything you know renovating the second again let me just take a few but we haven't engaged one yet so that's perfect yeah we've been speaking to people but okay um it's it's rather small it's not very oh it's probably kind of covered When we get to this side, do we do the electric? Whether you do the electric depends on how... If the price is right, then we can do it all together. To be honest, big job.

1:37:20 - Unidentified Speaker
I think there's substantial plumbing.

1:37:25 - Unidentified Speaker
But it wasn't designed for that, you know, it wasn't designed for that. You can't use it for outside or for kitchens or bathrooms. So I think that if we want to do like, we can get quite involved. Things like pulling out the kitchen and restoring that and making the mudroom.

1:37:39 - Unidentified Speaker
Below, we need to redo the plumbing. Exactly, exactly. And the risers and all the way up.

1:37:43 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah. Yeah.

1:37:45 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

1:37:46 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, that's Phase one, phase two, phase three, we can re-dig it, you know, but this one is the least. We want to restore, not on this side of the house, but maybe here, the garage doors to be, you know, maybe to cap them with chonky wood and bring back the farmhouse. We want it to feel like a... Right, because he's a carpenter. Yes, but I mean, he's not a professional carpenter. He's done loads of... He does a lot of photography, he's got... For this, so you've got basically like a big dormer, glass. We'd have to reduce the glass.

1:38:24 - Unidentified Speaker
It's a special size bath tub.

1:38:26 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, exactly, I love it. See you inside the house and you'll know why we need an extension. We want to get it right now. And then we can go into like styling work, so the floors have to be like My last renovation in Singapore, the contractor is at the moment, so I'd like to start soon. I've retired a team in Singapore to take over. This house will need replacing and with brick to keep it from getting lower. As you come into here, this will be double walled. It's a swimwear company. We're only three years old, but we stock It wasn't built as a house, it doesn't have the right foundations, the weight load. In Asia, everything is locked down for a long time.