We didn't want to spend, for the structural work for the extension, we didn't want to... I said to my husband, I said, he better do it himself by the end of the year. But I don't think he can. So we're still in the kitchen, cabinets, measuring them, building them, cutting them. He's got all, he's got the tools in the oven.

31:49 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Do as much as you can over there, you know, to leave the I think we'll just put the carpet in this room.

32:02 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
We always take care of the small stuff, like the bath, but that's going.

32:07 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Because it's pink.

32:08 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
And I said to Tom, have we looked at their previous work? And their previous work is a bank in 1870, 1800s. He had these two houses built. Old houses.

32:20 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
What? Old houses. Yes, yes.

32:23 - Unidentified Speaker
He's just doing houses that are someone else's house. I don't see the house, so I think we just need to be smart with it. Basically we've bought loads of big wood beams.

32:34 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
What's your budget?

32:36 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
In Singapore we installed our own kitchen and bathroom. That's how we want the house to feel.

32:42 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
We've got a Necessary things for later, you know, like sending the floors. I know you want to do it. Then the damage is much higher. No, no, no.

33:01 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
It's not our first. We've done it. It's a problem.

33:05 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
If we work closely with the architect, we make sure the scope and the budget are. In this bathroom, I'm putting a new one in.

33:10 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
That's not a big deal, you know. For us, it's relocating plumbing. I don't want to touch these cabinets. So basically, this kitchen is all going to get ripped out. The long term plan would be Sadly to rip out the kitchen upstairs is massive I mean we just have a projector and some chairs and have it as a cinema outside so we have to figure out like not making the decking too over you know we have to everything I'll show you some pictures but basically we put glass at the front and glass doors to Walk on. So my husband took out this, what's that color? Walnut? Brass? My husband and I, we like... What is in it? Very. Very. Very nice. Okay, so it's not kid-friendly. We have two small children. So, we are outside. The summer is always easy. This is the problem, so it's not just aesthetic. So, I want it to be a wet room. My kids shower. This is an old house and what we don't want to do is lay a beautiful floor. Some parts of the summer, because our winter gear hadn't arrived.

34:19 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Yeah.

34:21 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
So, yeah, I think we definitely need to just, yeah, that'd be great. Yeah, you can have access to that. And then it's just a case of, is there enough? We're 1.6, so we've only got 470K left. So, the lounge for me is quite tight. And upstairs is where people lived. So this bathroom, I don't know how old it is, but like this used to be a kitchen. The triangle would come over that way, so we'd have to see how it looks inside. Beautiful.

34:54 - Unidentified Speaker
Sorry, I have to sit in the rain.

34:59 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
...men that looked after the horses. So the horses were in a stable, and we'll have probably two cars, and then you Walk, but I think it would have to be something along the lines of, that's a bit too... Originally it was phase one and phase two. But they had to darken the wood. So I think what we can do is the interior, some will The other house. Yeah. In Asia, everything was locked down for a long time. So as soon as it wasn't built as a house, it doesn't have the right foundations, the weight loads. The kitchen is fine. The kitchen looks better than that one. The kitchen and the bathroom. It's a swimwear company. We're only three years old, but we stock it. We've got boxes and boxes and boxes of this gorgeous And then we can figure out how it all comes together. But you need to upgrade.

36:54 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
We have an in-house design team that will work with you very closely.

36:57 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Very much like, you know, farmhouse, kitchen, Last year we weren't here and it didn't sell. We were living out of a suitcase for like a month and we had everything in the other house. A million miles away so we went back and forth and it took us like two months of going back and forth. For me, you can't do it. My husband and I have done three renovations in Singapore. So it might not be phase one, it could be phase two, but the extension will extend because the dorm is massive. I'm trying to think, where's my board? Is that High street? Ah, you're loving it. Functional, maybe it gets taken out during the extension. And we do phase one, it's going to be minor works. And then phase two, we'll help out a bit, but I also want it to be centred nicely.

38:28 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
The proposal is going to be estimate, you know, because it's going to be.

38:33 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, but this is our kind of like, again, so I can enjoy seeing here more. But that's the idea is my transition into here, into the boot room. And take skis off, take coats off, and then more things like the bathroom and the, and any, put it on the house. So, really, it's not just a bit of a waste of

39:01 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
Yeah, you can definitely make that bathroom.

39:04 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Lower, in the winter.