Pull back of everything, and we're going to do everything from scratch, and then we'll figure out what we want where.

6:38 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
This was my 20 minutes, let's just think about what it makes sense.

6:49 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Architects will be able to do everything, the plan, okay? And then I'm assuming all floors going?

6:56 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Same floor throughout the whole space.

6:58 - Unidentified Speaker
Designers will work with you, what's best, you know? Small things like the shower door.

7:08 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
We have three little girls. You are lucky. I'm kind of leaning towards a engineered laminate rather than a full wood. Just for durability and my kids are hanging around and spilling stuff non-stop.

7:40 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
Seven, four, and one.

7:41 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
Wow, that's amazing, though.

7:46 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
So this is the piece. There is a song in here.

7:49 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
Everything is original, and it still works.

7:53 - Unidentified Speaker
But it's all going to go.

7:55 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
So we were thinking, when you come in, making This is the stairs that go down to the basement. Had some thoughts on this and obviously everything is also going to be contingent upon budget too. For now our thought was the stairs to the basement stays. It is a full finished basement currently. It's all sheetrock, sheetrock ceilings. So obviously what we do up here is going to affect that somewhat with opening and closing. But we were thinking some nice big closets, turning this little alcove into the laundry room. In either a half bath or a full bath where we have plumbing already.

8:33 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
For the pool.

8:34 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Close up that doorway, take out this bay window, and make this the entrance. Like a single door here to get into this little area. I'll call it a wet area. So if you're coming from the pool, the backyard, bathroom, laundry, wet bathing suits right in. And then this would be...

8:52 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Siding doors.

8:54 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Ideally... Like the full open lights.

8:57 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
That's what I'm saying.

8:58 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, I mean that's going to be a $40,000 door, but it's worth it.

9:01 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
It's going to be less with me. It's going to be less.

9:06 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
Um, I mean, that would be, that would be the ideal world.

9:10 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Cause, and like, obviously with all this reconfiguring, right, the windows that are there aren't going to be in the right spot. So right, there's a window there, but we want a window in the pantry to get some light in there probably and just break up this big, non-window wall on the outside window in the kitchen probably a window over here maybe maybe not but again bigger windows in now it's the enlarged living room um and I think all of the bedrooms in an ideal world at least there would be you'll see they're just like the 70s the very small 60s 70s one because we would like to do those we realize the outside is probably going to need to get But we'll see.

9:55 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
We'll see what works.

9:55 - Unidentified Speaker
So basically what you want to do is remove everything and rebuild everything?

10:00 - Unidentified Speaker
Essentially the bedrooms for now.

10:04 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
I do think I want to rip the sheetrock off just because it's 70 years old.

10:09 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Oh okay.

10:11 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
You want to leave four rooms?

10:15 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
We want to keep five bedrooms.

10:18 - Unidentified Speaker
Even so they are small?

10:21 - Unidentified Speaker
There's 1973 Dom Perignon in here.

10:27 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
The ceilings in this area, I would love to vault. The roof lines are a little weird. I did do a markup of the roof lines, but I don't know if all of these partitions are structural partitions. Okay um I was up in the attic you need to see the beams for that but the architect can check and structural engineer it doesn't there's no walls there's no walls that go fully up yeah okay they do stop at the ceiling height but there are um the cross braces through the truss are pretty high up and then there are a couple of I'll call it a stud it's not a half-inch floor board.

11:15 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
The attic is in use? You can use it?

11:18 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
No, no, no. It's crawl, it's crawl space only. It's a crawl space.

11:22 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
So you would like to open it?

11:23 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
I'd like to see if we can vault it in the kitchen. I haven't done any of that in a while. But there's a couple, right, center of, center of ridge, ridge line is here. You have a ridge line here. This is a ridge line.

11:35 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
It would look nice if you would do, like, decoration on that, if possible.

11:40 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
So I was, in my mind, I was thinking it'd be cool if it was all vaulted and you saw all the way up but maybe it's a combination of it's vaulted for the first four feet and then goes to a flatter section just because you're gonna have a weird connection point where the points are and it's not gonna align with anything architecturally on the floor plan.