Chapter: Walk-Through at  89 High St, Montclair, NJ 07042
Thu, Oct 30, 2025

0:06 - Unidentified Speaker
It's cold.

0:26 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Hi. Hi, how are you? Nice to meet you. Come in. Hi, nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. It's raining but it's not that cold.

1:02 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
I know, but it's raining non-stop.

1:06 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
We were here in June, end of June, and we started to unpack some things. I'll show you, we weren't going to unpack because we were going to straight away renovate. I can show you some of the stuff inside. Okay, so basically, what we're looking to do is extend the house. I'll show you inside in a moment. Okay. And we don't want it to look the same as the house, not white. Okay. So we're going to do something contrasting. Okay.

2:05 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
But that's going to be here?

2:06 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Probably a bit longer because you want to get kitchen and then dining. Okay, got it. Once I show you the concept, you'll be able to see. We will need some steps down into the kitchen, but it will all be one level and then we'll have decking outside. We do not want to put steps in the middle because it takes away space in the middle and we can't put all the steps here and then carve it out because it's more work and actually we were thinking if budget allows we want to put a little basement underneath here. Do you see where the steps are now? That would be the entrance underneath to the basement. We wanted to put like a kitchen dining here okay so that's it that's it the second house um it's not worth looking at now but basically you want also a second floor it's just so kitchen and dining room just kitchen dining on one floor and then this is uh potentially into the basement yes we have no basement in this house you have a basement okay um there's a small one on the left actually under the garage but it's very much uh It needs finishing, like it's very damp, it's muddy, it's completely, completely unfinished. Okay. So, and it's a trap door. Okay, got it. So, I don't, and that's going to be the garage. So I think that would be for like, we put suitcases, gardening, mower, air cons, it's not a usable one. And then we have no air con here. Okay. So we'd want to put the HVAC underneath Okay. So we need to install HVAC. We need to get an extension. Now we wouldn't fully join to this house yet but we want a way that allows a side door. Shall we go under this tree so it's less raining? A side door that allows us to next phase enter into this side. Okay. This side is mainly unfinished, huge space, it's a pretty similar footprint to the house. Okay. We've got a kitchen, a bathroom and a bedroom in the end which I'm going to convert into a studio and an office for me for my job and then downstairs is a big garage space which we would use for woodwork, a gym and a kitchen. So we're not going to do anything major here and to be honest we could involve you guys. It's a barn and it's not. See how there's a brick footer? Yeah. That's got the damp coming in. This one doesn't have it. They did it on the other side which is where they put kitchen and bathroom okay but this side they haven't got it so there was previous termite damage to this wall so phase one is extension okay phase two is um it depends on the work that needs to be done um the problem with this barn is you know renovating the second one but again and upstairs is massive I mean we just have a projector and some chairs and have it as a cinema if you know We need to, um, the, the, the power box in the garage is not to code. Okay. So you need to, we have to update it. And according to people we've spoken to, we have, we've had an electric carpentry, anything woodwork related he can do. Um, and then this one will be the last one.

5:31 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Okay.

5:31 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
So let me show you upstairs distance with the kitchen, but like basically this is the downstairs bathroom. So like a laundry room. Yeah, exactly. But then the boxes, the 500 boxes. Wow. When we found out that they probably weren't able to do the work, we didn't want to spend, for the structural work for the extension, we didn't want to, this will become a laundry room. Okay. And a boot room because we ski. So we come up, we're still in the kitchen, cabinets, measuring them, building them, cutting them he's got all he's got the tools in there I don't want to touch these cabinets so basically this kitchen is all going to get ripped out. He likes the bath but that's going.

6:16 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
I mean it's because it's pink.

6:19 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
I think like insulation wiring it's all completely it needs completely it needs to be doing. They have their own this is just a waste of space and we can bring the bathroom over.

6:27 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
Yeah you can make it substantially.

6:29 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
To be honest because it's a big job I think you know.

6:31 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
And I think there's substantial plumbing.

6:33 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
We've got a topography It's a special sized bathtub.

6:41 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
Yeah, exactly.

6:42 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
The kids love it, but it is. Where are we going to put these windows? We're going to pay extra for some lovely custom-made glass. The history of the house. So, this house was, this protects is, they need to keep it in budget, but I also want the... The floors will be expensive. We're doing the whole house, this house. So doing the bathrooms, the extension, adding the kitchen, that included the fixtures for the kitchen.