Unfortunately, our bedroom will probably move to the top of the extension.

39:11 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Okay, that's why I asked you if you want a second floor.

39:14 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
room okay but I'm okay if we simply wall toilet yes so here yeah that you can that's something the entire length and we know what can go wrong and change all this and then and then over his pipes it's all open yeah all the plumbing is there and when we first got here you'd run the tap and green stuff So in terms of the thing, the trim, because we thought this was liner but it's actually wood. Really bad, it's obviously had a leak and they've tried to fix it. How much it costs to do the brick work on the glass, so I think you'd have to go to wood. What I've done is doing like, what's the panel, it's the panelling on the house. Kitchen, I'm putting in a Okay You can do it my advice don't do it let us do it It's this bathroom the kitchen Yeah Yeah, because I think... I'm trying to figure out where the extension is, so... If the floors get sanded and stained, then the wood beams are this lovely dark. So, here's the bathroom. We've got some of the wood, we've got the stone for the facades and inside for the design. I'll show you. It's not to code. So into the kitchen and then the dining, the back of the dining room you have a bar. It's like a wet bar. Exactly. Yeah, so I think that stone, so this is the stone I have, more similar to this. Nice.

41:29 - Unidentified Speaker
I was going to ask you about that. What's your new location? Do you want to push it, do you want to keep it? Just aesthetic, we only have aesthetic for doing.

41:44 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
The problem is we can't do this until upstairs is done because the upstairs bathroom is the owner's. He works for a company here and they moved him over.

41:55 - Unidentified Speaker
This is an open space. Wow. You can definitely do everything for you. You don't need to hire an electrician.

42:03 - Unidentified Speaker
You don't need to repel the floor or the electric needs to be redone.

42:07 - Unidentified Speaker
So we need to design together. It's a home for us so we're well on our way to children and we're going to be here for at least 10-15 years.

42:14 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes it is.

42:15 - Unidentified Speaker
And if we're going to do the extension we may as well use that space.

42:18 - Unidentified Speaker
I agree with you.

42:20 - Unidentified Speaker
Is this part of phase one?

42:23 - Unidentified Speaker
I'm a diver.

42:27 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Oh okay. You know somewhat ourselves but the structure putting the building the structure we can work on the design once you move forward you know it will be easier for you to do this you know there's lots of people this all needs to be ripped out you're also wasting a window yeah I mean this this is this I wondered why this is this angle but you've got to start from the renovation here and then do the extension now something like crazy okay he's good he's fast so my husband has a company here around the corner so this just whole thing is like a cheap chuck in a bathroom job over there and you can do here you have enough room yes So we were going to do it ourselves, but we might need... Old, like this. In fact, this is very similar to this room in terms of layout. You've got the fireplace. Because there's one in Montclair. He's done carriage houses. I imagine, just because of transport, rushing gas. So with that, we're handy.

43:57 - Unidentified Speaker
That's good. Okay, but we extension itself the flooring. Yeah, everything that you need over there.

44:02 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Exactly Okay, but then as long as everything's plumbed in and designed we can then install the kitchen Okay, and I can price it for you Rebottling he's taking this this out. Okay, and he's gonna bring it forwards actually what oh my god, that's a such cool app Yeah Melissa do you want to do a call with my architect Yes, I want to do also downstairs look I would love I'd love to do something like this in the middle but I don't know everything without plans they were going to do the plans but the problem is where we fell short I like the name Sanbar we call it Sanbar because it's huge it doesn't seem as big outside and then this room we could probably cut in half somehow we can leave that for the meantime yes I think your budget is...

45:24 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
When you look through...

45:25 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
In fact, come to the other side, I'll show you something.

45:29 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
He knows what he's doing. He's not that expensive. Okay.

45:33 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
That's very important. Got this house. And yeah, they wanted to completely gut it and remodel it. Anyway, here's what it is. But basically... It's nice for kids. We use it if they've got muddy feet, you know, but it's not ideal. Other house. Bathroom design wise we can send you some options but like he does carpentry he's very good at carpentry so I'll show you some of the work he's done but long story short he's gonna get to do the house floors then we can do that but if we prioritize money it has one for buying it and one for renovating but now with Australian marble or something I can't remember what it's called now my husband will know but we've got the toilet we're gonna have a play but shower here relocated the fireplace or any features inside we can use the stone I'll show you if I get no no it's a lot right everything we can find someone yeah yeah it makes sense to date the question is do we keep the chimney or lock they like the feature downstairs yeah yeah It's just literally painting the surface and then it went on the market again and it got loads of interest. Okay, it's rather small today. Big shower on the side.