It's only three years old, but it's kind of... Taken off. So this is the housing? Yes, it does pass into here.

1:12:54 - Unidentified Speaker
Separately. The house on the right.

1:12:58 - Unidentified Speaker
You have a good vision, you have, you know, the direction you want to go in.

1:13:05 - Unidentified Speaker
This is the kitchen. We could put bedrooms up here. We could put, you know, I don't think the whole thing can be a cinema room but we designed it together. Like, you know, plumbing if we're going to be plumbing in yes you need amazing and just to let you know we're not flipping it and moving we're staying here to live obviously so it's good that you have the materials because if you remember there's million dollars houses when the budget is 250 do like a gym and a workshop downstairs and then the line yeah because I don't want to design the whole thing and then okay you're like 500k over budget yeah we've got a PDF we made with the design character of the house again but that's something your husband gonna do people can start traveling they're like yeah we're gonna match yeah I want to go crazy and it's taken off but all the you know calculating pricing fantastic yeah do you have this I think it's just now understanding how do we cut it up into phases. It needs work, space, and then we want like a lovely big... I have done the measuring of the house in the survey so I can get that to you too.

1:14:44 - Unidentified Speaker
This is a big storage.

1:14:48 - Unidentified Speaker
At the moment, it's got all of our woodworking. Upstairs here is a B. If you want to go bigger, you have to go longer. Around the edges with the windows, but we know that the windows are more similar to this. It looks amazing. It's good, isn't it? Yeah. The walls are very old. We don't need to do everything. We don't need to do the laundry and then if we're relocating the toilet.

1:15:24 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

1:15:24 - Unidentified Speaker
Thanks for coming. Thank you so much for having us. Very nice to meet you. Exactly. But we had all these plans about taking the roof off and making the whole house bigger. But because it was cash for 17 we've understood So to recap it's the extension and here materials left over okay, so we've got Aesthetic to feel like the old.

1:16:32 - Unidentified Speaker
That's why it's so important.

1:16:37 - Unidentified Speaker
Let me show you these ones. Aesthetics, because like this you can't really replace the beams but we can cap them. So the idea... And then kitchen. So kitchen feel Is the bedroom so we can put you in a walking wardrobe and a bathroom? Okay, so we would but then do we need to decide back? No, so you can do it kind of What you can do here as well Frontage on the back and I said we don't look at me go the back of the wing back chairs leather, you know So I think it's bringing that back a bit in the audience. I've got the photos on the... That would be a door to the stairs which would go to the basement. So you don't need us for the kitchen you need us this will go is in the bedroom by the way I don't know if That should stay, but it's here.

1:18:31 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

1:18:32 - Unidentified Speaker
I'm keen to see what you guys can come up with, to be honest. We've got boxes and boxes and boxes of this gorgeous stone.

1:18:50 - Unidentified Speaker
and then we can go out.

1:18:51 - Unidentified Speaker
And then we can figure out how it all comes together. We were living out of a suitcase for like a month, and we had everything in the other house. Very much like, you know, farmhouse, kitchen, this kind of vibe.

1:19:29 - Unidentified Speaker
And we connect each designer based on the project needs and all of that.

1:19:39 - Unidentified Speaker
My husband and I have done three renovations in Singapore. So I have a history of the house. So, this house was...

1:19:48 - Unidentified Speaker
Everything is higher.

1:19:51 - Unidentified Speaker
Every year, every month, it's going higher.

1:19:54 - Unidentified Speaker
Send in the scents that I have. It will be available next week. I love this style.

1:20:01 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, it's like old... So I'm often up until 4. What's the brand name? Sandbar. I want to take advantage of the window space as well. Exactly, a big long shower. We block the door, put it in the middle and we just keep... Hold on, I don't know what I'm doing. I can't even find my own website. There's a big pipe in the garage. I saw it. And it's been foam sprayed. This is an old house. What we don't want to do is lay a beautiful floor, but they have darker woods. So I think what we can do is the interior, some will, and then maintain the color. And then the extension, I want wider planks. That'd be great. And then it's just a case of, is there enough, but the extension would be bedroom above then kitchen below. So the kitchen height, um, We didn't want to spend, for the structural work for the extension, we didn't want to, I don't want to touch these cabinets. So basically, this kitchen is all going to get ripped out. I said to my husband, I said, he better do it himself by the end of the year. But I don't think he can. He also likes the bath, but that's going.

1:21:25 - Unidentified Speaker
I mean, because it's pink.

1:21:28 - Unidentified Speaker
It's all in the kitchen, cabinets, measuring them, building them, cutting them. He's got all, he's got the tools in there. And I said to Tom, have we looked at their previous work?

1:21:36 - Unidentified Speaker
And their previous work, is do as much as you can over there, you know, to leave the nothingness.

1:21:44 - Unidentified Speaker
We have a bank in 1870, 1800s. So you have these two houses built. But I think we'll just put the carpet in this room. We will take care of the small stuff. Like, houses that are someone else's house. I don't even see their house. So I think we just need to be smart with it. Basically, we've bought loads of big wood beams.