In fact, this is very similar to this room.

1:29:42 - Unidentified Speaker
in terms of layout with the fireplace melissa do you want to do a call with my architect it'd be good actually to start from uh the renovation here and then do the extension I mean this this is this I wondered why this is this angle but you've got uh it will be easier for you to do this you know this all needs to be ripped out you're also wasting a window yeah yes it is and if we go do the extension we may as well use that space. So my husband has a company here you can definitely do everything for you you don't need to hire an electrician you don't need to around the corner so this just whole thing is like a cheap chuck in a bathroom job. Now something like crazy okay he's good he's fast yeah okay yeah because I think It's this week!

1:30:40 - Unidentified Speaker
I know, I know. I'm trying to figure out where the extension is, so... If the floors get sanded and stained, then the wood beams are this lovely dark. So, here's the bathroom.

1:30:58 - Unidentified Speaker
You know, just compromise.

1:31:01 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, so I think that... So the kitchen and then the dining So this is the stone I have, more similar to this. So we've got some of the wood, we've got the stone for the facades and inside where the design, I'll show you.

1:31:19 - Unidentified Speaker
I was going to ask you about that location, do you want to push it, do you want to keep it? It's not proposed.

1:31:28 - Unidentified Speaker
We don't want to do plastic. And if plastic brings down, it's the same colour. But I don't see the point in ripping the floor out. I think it's going to be expensive. Insulate it. Yes. I don't think it's insulated. No. And then the other house.

1:32:14 - Unidentified Speaker
And you can do here. You have enough room. Yes. Yeah.

1:32:20 - Unidentified Speaker
So we were going to do it ourselves, but we might need 10. I'd love to do something like this in the middle but I don't know... Because there's one in Montclair, he's done carriage houses. But then as long as everything's plumbed in and designed we can then install the kitchen. With that we're handy. That's good, okay. I imagine not just because of transport Rushing gas extension itself the flooring.

1:32:56 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, everything that you need over there. Exactly.

1:32:58 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay Rebottling he's taking this this out. Okay, and he's gonna bring it forwards actually Okay, and I can price it for you. Oh my god, that's a such cool app This is the part of the house that is done Oh The previous owner tried to sell only this. When you look Through, in fact, come to the other side, I'll show you something.

1:33:30 - Unidentified Speaker
I like the name.

1:33:31 - Unidentified Speaker
Sanbar. We call it Sanbar because...

1:33:36 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes, I want to do also downstairs.

1:33:39 - Unidentified Speaker
It's a challenge because I really like the feature downstairs. Maybe we don't have it. It's huge. It doesn't seem as big outside. And then this room, we could probably cut in half, somehow. Got this house. And yeah, they wanted to completely gut it and remodel it.

1:33:58 - Unidentified Speaker
You can leave that for the meantime, yes, because I think your budget is the price.

1:34:05 - Unidentified Speaker
Anyway, it is what it is.

1:34:06 - Unidentified Speaker
But basically, he knows what he's doing. It's not that expensive. OK. That's very important. Everything without plans.

1:34:15 - Unidentified Speaker
They were going to do the plans, The problem is where we fell short. We use it if they've got muddy feet, you know, but it's not ideal. So he does carpentry. He's very good at carpentry. So I'll show you some of the work he's done, but long story short, he's going to get other house bathroom design wise. We can send you some options, but like Australian marble or something. I can't remember what it's called now. Uh, my husband, but we've got one for buying it and one for renovating. But now if we do the house floors then we can do that but if we prioritize money...

1:34:59 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah it makes sense to do it.

1:35:01 - Unidentified Speaker
The question is do we keep the chimney or not? Because I like the feature downstairs, the toilet, we can have a play but...

1:35:07 - Unidentified Speaker
You can put the shower here, relocate it.

1:35:09 - Unidentified Speaker
The fireplace or or any features inside, we can use the stone. I'll show you if I get some. No, no, no.

1:35:15 - Unidentified Speaker
It's a lot, right? I think we can find some once upstairs.

1:35:18 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah. It's just literally painting the surface. Yeah. And then it went on the market again, and it got loads of interest. Carved into that one. This weekend, my husband is a big, big shower on the side. We could put the tub under. We've had family stay, so we kind of put a bed up here. But we've got a bedroom here. Yeah, so the problem is, all of our renovation money...

1:35:43 - Unidentified Speaker
Again, like, I have someone amazing. Really?

1:35:47 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes. OK. He's very good. Because if we're going to start September, there's no point putting pictures up and unpacking everything.

1:35:53 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

1:35:53 - Unidentified Speaker
So where do I start? This is the bedroom. Wow. No light. We saw the garage doors. This will become the garage. The house, we had to pay a lot more.