It won't be great because we'll have the kids in one room and us here, but it's worth it. The kitchen, the house is lovely, it's just bathrooms and kitchen. And I'd like to do an extra... So we got here in January and if we can put big chunky wood in or cap it just make it feel a bit more... What I would like to do is sand and stain it to a darker colour. Electricians come, they would probably tap off the main line to the extension, tie a house together, right? What's the second house look like, We want a swimming pool.

56:39 - Unidentified Speaker
Do some changes, yeah.

56:40 - Unidentified Speaker
The structure is here, you can insulate it, make it difficult.

56:44 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
Putting electrics in, the house has a very weird system.

56:48 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
What we're going to do is this wall, we're going to cut a door in. In terms of look and feel, it's like trimming the wood.

57:01 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
It's easier for the process.

57:04 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
As I said, you know, we have a lot of designers in the house later. Yeah, but for me, I need a kitchen and bathrooms.

57:13 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, and then we can discuss further, you know.

57:18 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Upstairs in my bedroom, there's no light. This is the second bedroom. I need the clothes and the bar and you know.

57:39 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
If you're doing that, you should do that as well.

57:43 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Makes sense. The town doesn't want a second kitchen because the last owner tried to sell this house. Stone. We've got the stone already. Yeah, exactly. And that's what's happened with the extension with the other guys, because we'll see. But look, I think that the main part, which is the design...

58:03 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
So how did he want to start everything?

58:08 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
He was crazy, but I think we'd be looking at something similar, but smaller. I'm moving my company here. So my company is in Singapore. So I work nights.

58:18 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
When did you move there?

58:25 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, basically end of June 23rd. And then we didn't um what we can also do is if you guys can help us design it wow we do family matching um it's all made from recycled bottles the fireplace we've got we've got stone for the fireplace and then amazing this would be so downstairs they kept the animals to renovate you know I kind of want to be able to get in the next two days. Yeah, we'll enjoy it. The concept of the dining, so basically this is very similar because we do, you know, a bit later, like the extension. And just have a closet space for my son. Okay. But again, like this, let's see what space we have. Anyway, this second house, very modern, like condos, you know, so they've no idea what they're doing here.

59:48 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
So we said- It will be amazing. It will be beautiful.

59:54 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
What we want to do upstairs is create this kind of cylinder room. And then this was the kitchen. And then they changed it into the main bathroom in the whole house. So if we're renovating that, we have to use this one. What year was that? Because a glass would cost lots of money. But we'd have doors along the front. And then some windows.

1:00:35 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
And another question, where are you going to...

1:00:39 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Can we put in, you know, the things I want to put in there? But if you want to have a look at it, I can show you.

1:00:44 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
Next to the window.

1:00:50 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
I like the idea of closing off the toilet but this bathroom is shocking so you think the kitchen's bad wait till you see the bathroom uh but we're doing the wall the carpet and the you know extending it forward yeah so you don't want to do the floor it's taken into consideration hvac centralized electricity centralized in a rush yeah I mean not in a rush the other house the garage is full of wood okay so we can put like we can put a better experience than the design team with the previous contractor but we're really in to be after because otherwise yeah we'll damage the floors with the extension and walking in and out and doing the work um because maybe we we need to figure out you know budget basically don't like to ask her no thank you Sam have extensive experience with different types of design it's like we could see you can have an idea of like you know how to yeah My children have been playing with it, but I'll show you it. It's lovely. So we've got that. But the plumbing is special, you know. So I think that's this. No, it's not you need to It was in the other house and we hadn't unpacked it the idea we had a contractor whose their plans just weren't weren't good so they had designed floors first and it completely effed the floors. So he's got wood saw, jigsaw, everything so he can do all of that. Installing the decking because I'm going to put the toilet in the end. Okay. And put a nice new sink in. So the quicker I can get it done the better. Big open space, it's massive and then And here, it's a two bedrooms thingy, but like, if we can just get it looking cool. And then, payment for the drive, that was part of his property. She sold that land to him. We can pick and choose what Tom and I can, what we can and can't do. But everything needs to be renewer.

1:03:54 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, okay. So, you know, we can move in.

1:03:59 - Unidentified Speaker
And then, if you come round here, that's the bathroom.