And then we can move on.

14:34 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
We've submitted a mood board, drawings, everything, and they still work.

14:39 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
A little bit tight for the first phase.

14:47 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Yes, and we can look at the file for in here, next door, teach rooms. You've got some inspo.

14:54 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Okay.

14:55 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
The main house is now a school. It's massive. It was a CEO priority. I think you need to put this on the main side. Lisa for the renovation. It depends on budget, if I'm honest. So it's a barn and it's not. We had a brick footer. Yeah. Yeah. We'll get an extra bathroom. Yeah. You know, so it kind of alleviates. I want, I would prefer to have a light here and a light in the bedroom. And then you'll see the kids. The idea was to take this window out and put two dormers here instead so that you have a plumber will do everything it just comes to cost essentially any other way it's got to be I love the matching idea wouldn't take it so we had a structural engineer advise us that where we're going to put these windows we're going to pay extra for some lovely custom made glass so the reason I'm showing you guys everything is we can make a list of the and then and then maybe centralize the electric there rather than this side because if the house is going to flow deeper but also really well experienced because the problem is with this side they haven't got it so there was previous termite damage to this wall so phase one exactly and then um it would be good to get a quote from you guys I'll be in touch uh next week and we'll schedule something Expensive than usual Yeah, no Beautiful Isn't it wonderful? Yeah, it is I know and it's just timing like if we were here last year we could have grabbed this And then from this side If you're 50k over or you know for certain things Yeah Not necessarily, but yeah. This used to be a kitchen, by the way. So physically measure every corner. And in 10 years, if you want to sell it, I think it should be a four bed. If we make millions of dollars, over the next few years. And we go, right, swimwear brand. So these are all my designs. Basically, I design swimwear. Oh, wonderful. You guys take care.

17:25 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Have a good day. You too.

17:28 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Bye. You use the drawers because they're disgusting. We painted these ones. But the reason we've got storage outside is because of space. Do you do a sliding door so that it doesn't open into the shower? It's family. It's family matching stuff. So, you know, but anyway, long story short, So I had to put a lamp in. But it's so beautiful. It's big, it's really big. This is just a plastic Yeah. So you'll notice... So let's make sure we've got it in centre.

18:33 - Unidentified Speaker
And then let's see if the budget is right.

18:48 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
As you can see, like the survey is very helpful. And basically, things like this room, I would want to, we have to reuse, yeah, but it is It is porous. It's all green, you can't see anyway. It's beautiful.

19:11 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
It is. Sales if possible.

19:15 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, and now look, I think that the kitchen, it's in a fund now, so maybe it will do better. If the floor floods, I have to very quickly dry it. Even if you guys say we can do it within budget, but we need a little bit more. Do we do the roof in this house? This house is years, the roof is 30 years old. Yeah okay so that's the vibe this is your floor wonderful you have priority We'll probably end up paying 10 or 20,000 in wood as opposed to 100,000. You have to sit. I'll sleep. What we want to do is do this ourselves and then go, ah, the plumbing needs to be redone. And then you've got the bedroom bathroom next door. OK. So we can figure it out. But this house is only three beds. Yes, but we can convert the garage. This was a carriage house for horses and not horses, sorry, for carriages. But it's a lot of work, you know. Definitely. Hotels, we stock hotels in the Caribbean, hotels in the Maldives. All this cheap wood and whitewash and, you know, piping for the upstairs needs to come together. If we're going to put a pool in and we're going to put the decking in and we're going to put all these gorgeous oak barrels. We've got lots of antiques that see that because there's nowhere for the water to go. So if we could make it into a wet room, plumb in a drain that way, it doesn't matter, you know, having it there, it doesn't make any sense. So that I want to do as much as possible, but I understand that a swimming pool, I think me or a bit can share you a lot of you know projects we've done yes but it's gorgeous the town would rather we joined them and made it all on property yeah but we take the kitchen out so you moved recently to the u.s yes it all has to do you have an architect no we have we've got a few seats in your boardwalk just you know a year and yeah at the same time I don't want to wait eight It's only three years old, but it's kind of taken off.

22:53 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
You have a good vision, you have the direction you want to go in.

22:59 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
Separately.

23:00 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
The house on the right, we could put bedrooms up here. I don't think the whole thing can be a cinema room, but we decided together. Like, you know, plumbing, if we're going to be plumbing.