Yes.

23:13 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
So this is the housing.

23:16 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
yes it does pass into here so amazing and just to let you know we're not flipping it and moving we're staying here to live obviously the character of the house again but um but that's something your husband gonna do so it's good that you have the materials because if you remember this is the kitchen but you want to You don't want to design the whole thing and then okay, you're like 500k over budget. We've got a PDF we made with the design process. People can start traveling. They were like, yeah, we want to match. Yeah, I want to go crazy and it's taken off. But all the do like a gym and a workshop downstairs and million dollars houses when the budget is 250 you know calculating pricing fantastic yeah do you have the survey like we want like a lovely big show what we want I think it's just now understanding how do we cut up into phases. I have done the measuring of the house from the surface. I can get that to you too. If you want to go bigger, you have to go longer. This is a big storage. At the moment, it's got all of our woodwork in. Upstairs here is a B. Exactly, exactly. But we had all these plans of like taking the roof off and making the whole house bigger.

25:04 - Unidentified Speaker
To do the actual Walk, The plumbing, the electricity.

25:07 - Unidentified Speaker
The structure. Yes. Around the edges with the windows, but we know that the windows are more similar to this. Looks amazing. It's good, isn't it? Yeah. All right. Thanks for coming. Thank you so much for having us. Very nice to meet you. With the windows, but we know that the windows are more similar to this.

25:38 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
The walls are very old.

25:42 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
We don't get to the laundry and then for relocating the toilet.

25:50 - Unidentified Speaker
Looks amazing. It's good, isn't it?

25:51 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

25:54 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Will you then take off all the walls and do the electric straight away? I don't know, but definitely. So cool. That's insane.

26:00 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
Yeah.

26:01 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
What's really funny is the last company came around and sent two people to put big beams in and bring the house back to like an old feel again. We've got some... I think that's the electric box, if I'm not wrong, but it's... And do it all again. But now the plan has changed. So the original contractor wanted to completely... Yeah, we can live here. Yeah. Of course, the summer. God, it's warm out. You know, we might need your help to design it all together so we can put plugs in.

26:28 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
Because I need to use It's too modern.

26:32 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
We have a kitchen and a dining room next to it. Yeah, exactly.

27:05 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3
So to recap, it's the extension and here.

27:09 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Aesthetic to feel like the old farmhouse.

27:12 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
That's why it's so important. Materials left over. OK.

27:16 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
So we've got the archway for the kitchen. Here is the kitchen, et cetera. Aesthetics. Because like this, you can't really replace the beams, but we can and then kitchen. So kitchen feel is English style. Let me show you these ones. So we can put you in a Walk-in wardrobe and a bathroom. So we would do it kind of what you can do here as well if you uh I think like insulation wiring it's all completely it needs completely it needs to be doing frontage on the back and I said we don't we're not going to go the back of that i've got the uh photos on the great music has a lot of space got a wing back chairs leather you know So I think it's bringing that back a bit in the audience. That would be a door to stairs, which would go to the basement. Use it as a picture. So we've got this thing he could probably do but so you don't need us for the kitchen you need us yeah it's chunky and then the fireplace I would love to this will go is in the bedroom by the way I don't know if that should stay but it's here Pictures here and then we can go Yes And she's three But yeah, and I did spend more than 250 the structural part. So this house, the boxes, there are 500 boxes. When we found out that they probably weren't able to do the work, this will become a laundry room and a boot room because we ski. Yeah, but that's good, you know. That's helping. Um what we were going to do is there's two garages so this is one it depends on the work that needs to be done um the problem with this barn is doesn't have a closet and we're going to put in a wall here okay everything is higher every year every month one thing the more you win we can grow it up um to house the people that work with the horses and I don't know what I'm doing. I don't even find my own website.

30:44 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2
I love this style.

30:45 - Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, it's like old. I want to take advantage of the window space as well. So I'm often up until four. What's the brand name? Sandbar. The history of the house. So this house was uh this sending the scans that I have it will be available next year exactly shut big like long show up we close the door put it in the middle all we just keep but the extension would be bedroom above then kitchen below so the kitchen plate and then maintain the color and then the extension I want wider planks see you later there's a big pipe in the garage I saw it yeah and it's been it's got like been foam sprayed it's Wow. So it was a big plot before. Yeah. Still is a big plot.