So it's like I don't need to do all that stuff immediately, but obviously.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Yeah, but if you keep doing the island and the countertop, it should everything should happen the same time. Okay. Replace everything uh the same time.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Yeah. Okay.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Because you won't demo the backsplash after you put the the uh the countertop yeah. Okay, what else do we wanna do? Because I need to see the whole picture.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: I my master bath. Okay also. So nothing here. No. Okay. So master bath is very outdated. Um there's stuff I I possibly wanna do in the bedroom as well, but like again these are all things that I'm not as Press do the timing. First things first, I'm like, I would like to remove the rug in my room. Okay. Um possibly a an axe at wall here. Again, causing everything. But most importantly, you'll see. This is to me is like full gut.

 Like always gotta go. This is taking up so much space. I would really love a double vanity. Okay. A standing tub. Okay. Okay. A much bigger shower. This I this configuration I can't figure out, but like it would be nice if the toilet was a little bit separated and then obviously again like a much bigger shower. Um but you tell me what you think too.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Yeah, I also need to got renovation to disalifate it. No, because it's a beautiful space with the beautiful lighting, yeah.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: It could be so much nicer than this.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Hate it, hate it.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: And like this video's so much Space, yeah. It is. It's yeah.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: Yeah, that would we can put the double bed here, we can be the top, yeah, pre-setting top.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: And yeah, we can extend the shoulder, can be back, the toilets can be here, yeah.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Um yeah. Yeah, even if you need to like extend this space a little bit more, obviously it's kinda weird angle, but I'm holding that wherever you guys think.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Um if it's not needed. I think fine it's big, big space. Yeah, and you don't need to, but once we'll start to open the design, we can figure it out if it's better or not. Okay. Yeah. Okay.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Um, so that's pretty much it up here. Mm-hmm.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Okay, so pull that and you wanna remove what do you want?
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Um either just extend this flooring or I don't know. I've always dreamt of like a nice herringbone floor, but I don't know if this space is extremely big for it to carry the entire space.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: Uh it's it could be Beautiful. It will be enough. We can do hair both, absolutely.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: I'm open to ideas, absolutely. Um but yeah, again, this is like not as much of a priority to me. Um whatever can be done, of course. Okay. Um, the last thing is the basement. Basement is not finished. I don't know because that's something that you guys do as well, right?
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Yeah, okay.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: So I actually love this space, it's really big and I can have so much.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: I think that would be really fun.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Um I think the one thing I was trying to decide is like I love you to see.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Yeah, traffic.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Or can I see which is long control?
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Um but I I think about the basement, I definitely want to say.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: But other than that, like one Oh, I'm sure that's where we actually but I know that it lasts more than something that was very well.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: I think that I think we want to work on exactly how it's going to do the other. As long as it is not Maybe as long as you're thinking like that. Um Yeah.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: I mean one other thing that I was like I wish I could have, this is technically like the pantry. I've always wanted like a bigger pantry, more can or a mud room. So this is my laundry one here.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Which is great.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: It's practical.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: But I did kind of consider I would like if I removed the laundry and then you make this into something else.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 3: You want to make your pint treatment stuff there.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Um or mudroom. I don't know. I'm just these are the same that it's not necessary, but I just thought I bought it. Yeah. But seems not possible.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 2: I did the whole floor.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: I just wanna say so Yeah, that's why I wanna see if I have uh I have the laser here.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Okay, so And then we should take the island be like Yeah, five feet like six feet.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Something like that, right?
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Yeah.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Okay, I think it's a big okay.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Yeah.
Conference Room (Ravit Doozli) - Speaker 1: Um or mudroom. I don't know. I'm just these are the same that it's not necessary, but I just thought I bought it. Yeah.