You're going for summer vacation, you're ready to work, you can go in, you can do this job.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: And that's what I think about, right? Like next stage would be the roof, the bulkhead, and the rest of the millwork kind of thing, you know?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Because the bulkhead is also, in terms of landmark... Yeah, because then we also need Yeah, but that's fine, they need to improve it first. So if you do just windows and minimal exterior work, that's something that levels to the landmark to me. We don't want to go to the border of architecture. That alone can take close to six months. So it makes sense to do everything else, and then you can start the landmark, and whatever it's getting.


Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: And then we live there, and we're happy. We can also decide that we don't do it, and then she can buy it.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Yeah, well I mean again, so I have a three and a half year old right now. I have almost three. And a six year old, what do you have? No, I have another one.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 3: No, you don't. I have a baby girl coming. Oh my god!
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Oh, there it goes! Girl dad! Girl dad!
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Oh my god, okay.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: So now she's going to work on a call on the Friends Club.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Oh yeah, beautiful! Yeah, totally. Amazing. So she used to go to a school of arts. And then we...
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: So our little one goes to the 3rd Street Music Preschool. Oh, wow.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Yeah, which is really cute. How is it? It's adorable.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Yeah, it's so cute. My wife brought it up all the time. Yeah, it's really cute. But you know, right now we don't need a roof.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 3: I don't really want them on a roof. Stairs is enough.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: That's what I mean. Actually, it's fine. You know, right now she only comes up to here, so it's okay. But yeah, I'm okay with roofs and like, you know, Okay, awesome.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Thank you.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Go ahead, please.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Yeah.