The whole thing.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 3: You want to keep it brick or you want to stucco? Yeah, I want to keep it brick.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: So there's foundation?
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Yeah.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: And the excavation is only in the backyard, right?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: It's only in the backyard.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: There's a closet. And this is, I'm going to let you guys go actually. This is all 11.5.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: It's amazing because I spoke with your broker. We're actually almost. Yeah. And here again, we can do kind of like closet. We'd excavate. We'd excavate. Although that was a crazy thing so the reason it was is because Yeah, and it's really 11.4.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 3: Yeah, 11.4.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: We wanted to widen the staircase.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: There's an opening already.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: We're not going to do a full opening. What I mean by this is, when we do the openings on the side and this floor, like we already... To be honest, I look... And then this is like rec room.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Okay, and then you want to have like a bit of a kind of bedroom gym in here?
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Yeah.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Yeah, actually, just to keep in mind to check if there are any...
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: And again, I think we're doing a combination of like tarp and... Here, like under the stairs.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: You have to do structural...
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: on the exteriors so we just have to continue that down steel header and two steel whatever yes thank you they are going to finish the ceiling mounted because we don't want to drop ceilings if we don't perfect and then this is going to be a bathroom again you know but in general okay like we were going to have full built in here tv so again that might be something we do It needs to be closed off here, and this needs to be technically the fire door.


UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: This one's going to blow our minds.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: But that's why it's like you can feel comfortable. It's a good printer now. It was sold for almost $1,200. It might need a little bit of repointing. I don't know. It looks reasonably dry, though.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: New fence all the way around. This is really just like a leveling. They just like bought it turnkey. And it was like some fancy architect did that. Because this is a cellar and we're not going to change this B.O.C. Of I. Well, the thing about that is, if you did one, you could do it from a cost perspective. I think it's like an eight or nine foot terrace. And I'll show you down there. Yeah.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: You want to tackle that immediately. And sometimes you have to.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: So yeah, so new doors here. And you see what I mean? Like we could keep one if you think it may. As long as we don't have to do underpinning. No, no, don't you worry. No, no. Again, it's a pricing exercise for that.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Oh, there were structures.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Very structured.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 3: There's no cracks in the ceiling.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: It's not like a 20.5-er that has different issues. We're going to keep the stairs, theoretically stands, the treads. This is what we're generally going to keep.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: That's it.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: so this here is pretty good and then, again, it's just like a four-story building so this is living, dining and biotech but, you know, here we didn't get the structure yet So this is going to be full, banquette here, and then we're going to do here. So this is going to be a bedroom. This is pine, I guess. This is nice. There are pocket doors already, but they need to do a similar roof here. All the windows.


Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: No, it's a good investment, totally.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Again, we have no idea what's going on behind all that, some of it. And there is a little bit of, you can see the slope. So, depending on that, there's not much. They sold it to someone who just wanted to come in. They bought all of the furniture upstairs too, but we'll have to excavate a little bit there. Well, not a ton. And then here, so this is where again, It's boring, but it's pretty meaningful.


Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 3: I'll be polite, but it didn't blow my mind.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Molding is like TBD. You know, we probably need new bases for doing the floor.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: We want to do all of the board pieces. Closed on the day 144.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Oh, yeah. So I've been down to do it all this week.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: This will stay. Again, this is how I would like it to work.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 3: I don't know if it will yet.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Yeah, we can bring in a five-inch T-nut to do it. Radiators are gone because we're doing forced heat.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 3: Now, the forced heat...
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: You might have seen we changed the zones.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Yeah.