I'll you why this kind of green over this like really cool with that.
Okay. Again. Okay. But yeah, this room, this is preMy much brand new furniture,
actually. Okay. Yeah, it's nice. Yeah I'm okay with it. I feel like. I don't think I' necessarily
change furniture. room I don't like every other room, but I do think the gray is really
boring. You know, I was thinking maybe like a pastel green something Amazing. I think
it's a really nice color. can keep these lightss suck, like this one doesn't work and that
one is like so not bright. I' So again, it would be the same thing the ceiling lights. I small
girl ceilings. smaller. And maybe, actually, like, I think we talked about the feature thing
like a smaller version of that year or something, so it's the same thing. And then maybe
like a textured wall. Okay. here in green, like you do some kind of cool design... Texture
walls are nice. Honestly, some of them. Or Venet. Exactly, yeah. The VeneRan, even
some of the walloolpaper you get now, like. We actually have some in our office. Okay.
And it like the way that it looks, it looks textured, but it's like completely flat. Yeah. But
basically just wallpaper opRons. Okay, really good these days. Yeah, like in my place in
Florida, which is like super nice. That's like a frigging palace. Like it's nice. Yeah, my
parents' place. They have like, they have everything as VenaRon and like, you can kind
of feel like the texture or whatever. Do you like VeneRan? I do. I just know it's expensive
so I don't know. But it doesn't It could be a liMle paper. Depending on the budget, I.
Yeah. Okay. And then, yeah. Yeah, no, just, like refinished claw. Yeah, definitely. The
floors are. The floors are limiRng the whole thing, honestly, because I feel like this is, like
a tough color to match. Definitely. Definitely. Everyone doesn't play walls with this and I
think it's so boring. Look,. These dark color is good in like, the mountains. Exactly. It's
not New York. I agree with you. Exactly. Okay. Cool.. How are the, like closet interiors?
Oh, far yet. Do you want to do any.. Yeah, I mean, I think like, I would likeate with it. So.
No, I sRll. One thing is, like, how do you feel about the dolls and the trim? My dad and I
were talking about that. I think, like, it's preMy, like, December, wherever have.
Depending on what we go with, we could change the doors.. It may just add to thepense
of the so wrong. Like, for me, like, it's not an infinite amount of money, by any means,
but also, like, if I'm gecng banged for my b, I'll probably do it, if it's like completely
unnecessary to like, I just be like, maybe next Rme. So, I don't want to live. At a
minimum, I would an absolute minimum. You've got to change all the hardware. The
hardware hinges, the handles. Okay.. These are, fine, they're funcRonal bug, I think you'
modernizing and making like a completely different feel in here. Okay these come like,
these are standard, yeah, standard, they come from the developer Sure, that's it. Yeah,
they're nothing. And I think you can soken them up, and it'll it'll just look a lot nicer.
Okay.m open to that for sure. I don't think that should be expected. No, you think
exactly. Okay. And if you don't replace the doors, look, my recommendaRon is replace
all the doors, all the trims throughout the whole space. With what? Like what were you
doing? Just new doors and new trims.. You probably reuse the door. just new frames the
reason I'm saying this is these are like metal. They' basically a kit and they kind of put
together and there's nothing wrong with these by any means, but they're not like like a
sok, I don't a costume finish, which I think generally youre looking to make this a liMle
bit more personal. Okay. But that said, you could just redo the base boards. And is when
you sand the floor, you probably have to redo baseball. We actually don't, believe it or
not, but I think if we just redid this and that, if you didn't want to redo the doors, it's
going to just, it'll look a lot nic. So this is just like a not. It's different. It should be
updated. Okay. The color of the doors, are you a fan of white? Are you not a fan? No, I
mean, the doors,. Like Some doors need be featured.. Unless they're, like, really nice to
Oz, which respeclully, they're just nothing to standards as well. It's. Like, this is like, I'm
here someRmes in the year. I'm not here, like, a whole here. Okay. Okay. I don't take the
personally. Yeah, it's not like my own home. Okay.. Yeah. Yeah, so, I mean, I would I'll
put the doors on Dreaming as an opRon. Yeah, sure. Yeah, you can do it if you want.
Yeah, okay. Cool. All right, and then let's do the min. So this... Nothing lies. Okay. Like, I
don't know why this guy. Oh, this is built in? Oh, yes, they came. It's it's actually live
from. In fact, it's funny that he had this because I had.. Oh, interesRng.. So, it was
interesRng. Oh, but yeah, I. Um, this room, because the other one was kind of green, I
was thinking this one could be a liMle bit more, like, blue.ish.. Okay. Yeah. And that
could be the feature wall there, because that's what you see first.. Here, I know will be
able to put entertainment unit or something. That'd be nice, yeah. Yeah, like, nothing
like too big, because, like, this all already here, but maybe. Actually, like, this depth is
not bad, I think, the 12 inches. I don't. With maybe some built in drawers for like, yeah,
drawers or, yeah, like I could put or something or I could use feature some pictures or
Perfect. Like a trophy or whatever. Something simple is. Nothing too crazy. Okay. So.
Okay. And then. And then lighRng. LighRng throughout. How was the PTS? They run
okay? TheaRng cool? D fine. I replaced two of them recently. Okay. Yeah. Oh, amazing.
They're fine, yeah, they're temperature. What I would also recommend is replacing just
the covers. Okay. Sure. If the systems are working fine, systems are fine.