And the veneer is the same thickness as the amount of flooring that you get on a natural wood floor after you sand it down. So this floor has probably been sanded down about four times and you could do the same with Engineered. But it's just a much more durable product. Pricing-wise, like, engineated, you can get.

 It's very cost-effective. Very cost-effective. And the finished materials on the market now, there's so many different brands. And it'll look like...
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Yeah, it looks...
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: If that's something you're interested in doing. For sure, yeah.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: And I can also get... I'll get a couple prices for you as well.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Like how much would it cost to work with them for the filing? Yeah, for everything. Oh, one thing I should mention, it would be great to get your cost estimate for that as well. We don't have a clear perspective on you, but that about running up more power to the unit. I think we still haven't figured out how much we currently have, but I think...
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Can I see the title?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 4: Yes. Sixty?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Sixty sounds about right. Oh sorry, we walked so far.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 4: You guys from Spain?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: No, my husband's from Miami originally.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: I'm from Germany.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Oh, okay.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: I hear a few different languages there. It's very international. Okay.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: I can find out for you what we have. Not right now, but I can do it from an architect. An electrician. Where in Germany are you from Berlin.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Oh, amazing.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: It's a fun city. Wow, what a great city. How long have you lived here?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: 20 years. I was born there and grew up there. Oh, okay. Yeah. I miss it. My mom's over there still. Yeah.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: It's tough living away from family, eh? Yeah. Yeah. My whole family's in Sweden. You understand, huh?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: I understand.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: It's even farther for you out there. It sure is far, yeah.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Do you still go back?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: I do go back.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: It's a fun city. Wow, what a great city. How long have you lived here?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: 20 years. I was born there and grew up there. Oh, okay. Yeah. I miss it. My mom's over there still. Yeah.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: It's tough living away from family, eh? Yeah. Yeah. My whole family's in Sweden. You understand, huh?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: I understand.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: It's even farther for you out there. It sure is far, yeah.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Do you still go back?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: I do go back.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Yeah, I do go back. Yep. I go back. I go back once a year. Yeah. For like a week in a row. Oh, that's awesome. Yeah, usually over Christmas.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Yeah. So the other thing I thought, I think I'm going to let you guys kind of start with the timelines they've given us, or lack of left thereof. And so it would be great to get your estimate. Our setup is a little bit precarious. The apartment we're currently in. I was trying. Oh, you already checked it. OK, so you already get the idea. So obviously, the sooner, the better for us.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Yeah.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Yeah.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 3: I think, like, they haven't given us three months, so we might be able to stay for longer. But that's kind of always hanging over our heads.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: I think the priority really is to get... Well, one, you want to get a proposal together, right? Yeah, exactly. I can ask you by Friday.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 4: You want to push it out by Friday?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Yeah. And then... Also, just like the architect.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: When did you engage?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Three months ago.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Over three months ago.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 4: And is that all you have? Yeah. That's...
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: I mean... To be fair, we started just with the back, and then we added the front. But even then, I think it's been like, we do get one thing done per week, and then we give feedback, and that takes another week.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 3: So that's why we're 12 weeks in.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: This is where we are. I don't know. Is that common? Is that common? Yeah, we have no reference point here. Unfortunately, it is common. And so, because we are...
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: You're fine.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 4: You, you, you, you.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: We do, last year we did a project of the size 65, I think. So we do a lot of projects.