And I guess painting.

9:45 - Participant 2
I want to do something with this wall, maybe because I want to hide there, a post to be there, but maybe the wall, I don't know, wood on the wall or something, just something to make this wall nicer, you know? That's my thing, I want to hear from you.

10:04 - Participant 1
Yeah, yeah, first of all, Brinnian, she's an architect. I'm just experienced. There is a lot of things to do. What do you think? You have to decide who's the star, who's the rock star. Is it the bed? Is it the wall? Is it the... You know, and then let's say you're telling me, no, I'm putting a bed, it's going to be a million dollars, it's going to be... That's the rock star. And then around that, you figure out something a little bit tuned up.

10:40 - Participant 2
Okay. So if I'm having a high bedpost, because it's high, I don't need anything else on the wall.

10:46 - Participant 1
Maybe just a piece of art.

10:48 - Participant 2
Only if you want wallpaper and a more simple...

10:51 - Participant 1
Oh, wallpaper, some nice wallpaper. Nowadays you can get wallpaper. You can get a personalized wallpaper. Whatever you like, Simple, cheap, not expensive. We're going to get a very strong effect. Something that you're going to love. And then you can spend the money on this bag. He wants the batteries to be right. This is what I was looking at. I mean, it's just shaped pretty much like this. So, you know, see? I need to... My glasses are focal, so I have one angle that I can see. So it's like marble.

11:42 - Participant 2
Yeah, something like that.

11:44 - Participant 1
something like that well yeah and it's the fixtures too I'm talking about so all of this instead of that so you don't want a bath or you want a bath? You want a shower you want you want to shower just a shower all across yeah yeah I got I got totally so we're doing like all of this yeah and you want to do with the stream coming from all over the place yes you know what I mean like those So we have this, the bidet.

12:21 - Participant 2
We don't need that.

12:25 - Participant 1
I think I can get to be a millionaire just from taking out bidets. No one wants that. Everywhere I go, no, we're taking out the bidet. Bidet, and then I would maybe try to use I mean, look, if you have like more budget to spend, then I would leave it in the same place. If you have, you know, if you want to spend a little bit more, I would maybe push it a little bit.

12:51 - Participant 2
Yeah.

12:52 - Participant 1
Make it more. And then I'm seeing a lot of people now doing those Japanese electrical.

13:02 - Participant 2
Right. Yeah.

13:02 - Participant 1
We want that new toilet. And do you want to change the... Yeah. Everything is okay. This kind of look is what I know. Got you. Perfect. That's the kind of thing.

13:22 - Participant 2
Or something where you can put towels underneath or you know. Yeah, right. Floating.

13:27 - Participant 1
You know, the floating look is what we're really after.

13:30 - Participant 2
Like a nice dome and a floating cabinet. That's what I mean by floating.

13:36 - Participant 1
It looks like it's off the ground. And like the colors in the buttons here, from what I understand, are darker.

13:47 - Participant 2
Not too dark. You know, that's just a piece, but not too dark. No, you're right. You know what? It's just the,