I work arts, so it's not like, not, like, you crazy,
like how long it here from this is the modern, maybe would use them again if there were to
ever sellve, you know, um, is there people are there, so doors. I okay, okay. you, you, I'm
okay with it close off the bedroom. um yeah, it's just a we finish in the wall, and, um washer
dry and.. Yeah.. I could feel that. I don't know why did that. I was. Yeah. I ceilings, it's an old
building, it's reallyurry. I' top I don't know how they do it, but I think. Yeah, I guess. So I was
that have you done that before? I? so what's so I believe there's many slit that occur before.
Okay. what that means means like those high those high, you know, like AC units that have
like theubvers on it or opens up and out. and that it's the important for. um definitely. The
issue with it in some of these large, uh tall buildings like this is you need in the outside the
denser, but because you're so close to it you might be able to find the mind. talk part would
be if it's a landmark, you know, if this is landmark. Um, only because then it we're messing
with massage, like. I just don't know. I mean, I think that it's just like, it's yeah, it's just uh it's
I think it's helpful I chest arms or. um we have a group of bott. It's a possibility. I have to do
more research we can. super down standard, yeah., that I guess H. like start out., I like
there's a heat coming down from a ri I mean, it really hot, it's turned off. It's just. Yeah.. And
then in the... So I was just asking about it. It doesn't. I know that has, so far as that was
nice, I I'll look it. I'll look into it. um I don't know. I think we' able to get equipment up
through the surface that are up onto the group. There are some build where we have to
paint it up. this is that., um, okay. I. scam. I' talk a little bit about process. I mean what what
I'm preliminar seeing for the cost. um more or less typically when we do a kitchen in the
bathroom, it's right around the table. Yeah, I, and even with any of the answers items with
putting on the ceiling we're not refinishing the fours, adding the washer dryer, we're just
gonna start around., finished materials will need to consider theores. piles in the bathroom
will even as well, uh, like, without high references, what they' budget is, so we will be
insulute label obviously we're included, you know, we base sports, the baseboarding. do for
service, interior design team. We have coordinators that are with their building to get. we're
gonna handle everything for you, it's just that when you're working from design process,'il..
diner work back like with five, you, like, you like thisile, you like that pile, budget, um and
then that way, and then, you know, as you're going to the process, you kind of understand
like, I like that ti, we don't really want to push into thisrial, you want to sit and then do that
way. um other than that, just appliances in the kitchen, um, like the new dishwasher, um,
this thing the stove um, I think you already have a micram somewhere, so we find there.? I
am I kind of don't use it that often again, I would do like if I whatever. salad would eat. Yeah,
I mean But it works. Yeah, and it' gas, I would. that if you lost power, you can still need
spaghetti. I never thought about it like that. Just to use, you know, people to eat., when the
power broke up you could turn the yellow.. That's a little biter. um, yeah, I mean, again,
everything that I'm mentioning, there are ways to kind of around ways of scale.. You know,
the tough part about the map is we're gonna come to go in it. I mean the tile, like, the dumb
room repairs, but it doesn't have the color, like the ground is like they', you know, it needs a
little fluff. polished., for sure. I like the purple. That man, the watch the product. I mean, I
think all the, like kind of finish seeing, I think is the so it's a small bathroom, I think with it
kind of it clean probably, that's, or finish material, and again, that budget is like the course,
they can go out. so right there, the Again, so the marriage just want to seege you a little bit
of numbers for because we're gonna be on Wednesday Did you get the invite? I thank you
for communic as I didn't want to meet you on Monday and doing okay.. is that that an
additional you going to go walls, practically to get for the most part, we've the most likely do
it locally, I'll double check with you. I'm gonna say it for you. but we this a few times. um it's
more important that people' old. um but yeah, whatever want to helpade, especially for
adding in the Schwap if what we're doing is and the washer dryers likeate lines, back to the
panel, because we don't want the dug more out and that blows like, everything't wanna
make sure... I give line put it in the, so we have lot of local vetors in the area. options, so in
and I just want also verify that so in that kind of hundred,000, I was saying for both these
areas, the kitchen category is all so that's not separate. so we have bors that we' work with,
between the jersey, for I designed everything. And you'll work with the designers that make
it, like, the best of what it works with you.. competition, I't. We don't like you know, we need
to kind of understand it general. We need, um, for the most part is kind of like, whatever. I
think maximizing vertical storage is a Yeah, you know what's funny that people do you see?
pop it's for dumb stuff. It's like stuff, but it's hard. I like my stuff.. I it's it's so funny. I I'm
getting married in July. I really thank you, yeah, and we get more registry stuff, because
Logan my fiancé for hours in uh, like a month or so, and we're getting all these new plates
and I'm like, honey, we need it? like, are gonna break.