Um, and then they're gonna kind of
give you a first pass of the design, you know, we're gonna say yes, no, and then we'll start to
kind of put together the square footages of, like,, you know, four tile do we need and the
bathroom or tile do we need any? wall tile in the bathroom? the height of the backsplash
and the kitchen, you know, a lot of these finite and technical items. um, and then once you
go through that, you just like the materials, we askrove, improve them again then gonna be
a change order after we're. So that whole process right there is gonna take about few
months. And the reason I say that is simultaneously our project coordinator is gonna be
working for something. Right, so we have to tell them what we're doing in here, how long it's
anticipated the to lab. you know, like, we're not moving new walls, like it's just likeating blah
blah, we wanna reado theapp. That's it. fix this. That's. Um, sometimes it takes some a
while to kind out of that right. we typically see anywhere from me to 12 weeks. So, typically
that's a good phase for a redesign, right? There's a lot of work and kind of do front and
you're obviously a lot of about your work right now is the more work you do upri, easier it is
to come in here and not out work. Like, if we're still making materials and doing this, if you
want to start, you like, you have some client that are just so adamant, they're like, I need to
start on this like, you get we're gonna we can start now, but in three weeks, we're gonna be
ready for the things that you can hit, and they're not delivered and they're not paid for, like,
it just kind of gets a little short. So, when you have a little bit of trust and I was knowing that
the process has to really be planned out first, you know, and then we also don't want you to
leave further than you have to, right? So during that time in the predesign, we're kind of
understanding the schedule. getting this out on board it, and then we'll kind of give you, you
know, the warning of like, hey, this is what we're anticipating, we're anticipating the building
approval the next two, three weeks. you know we're ready to start three weeks after that,
you know, this is maybe when you want to get apartment. that, restore that what happened
back. construction suspension when they were, I I would say it would be around. Um you
don't ever like to tell you less and not help you understand it could be free. Um is a very
straightforward scope, but would happen sometimes when we're arguing we' coming, we
have to shut down the water and like, there's a lot that goes into it. sometimes it takes a few
information from like it down today or someone else might be doing the water down to the
moon like there's something. I love my super. He was a a man for a long time he' been with
the building, since my grandma was here, actually, so he's fantastic. He's like very, like
ready. I haven't told him, that I I've been to of this yet, so he'll be like, what? hopefully he
really liked you and your grandma because we want to be his best friend. Oh my, he's just
like such a cool guy, too, so it's, I don't know, you hear these nightmare stories about
supers and buildings and like make you to go. I know. Like some of them are like give me to
come up and it you like like really great. I think he'd be totally on board with this and he
would work with you. basically, again, I kind of talk with the building property manager or
the building team, and then we also work with the super, you know, obviously we want the
best friends with them. um, we wanted to respect them, make sure they understand what
we're doing, if they're having any questions this we're an open bulk, like we come up here
and we use license which is licensed farmers, uh certified farmers, licensedation, certified
electric we don't really hide anything? Um I'm just like a little scared about if you open the
wall, like what would you find? Like the wire gonna get the variability deal? I wish that you
before, and you know, like as big a deal. I mean, I mean and and the other part, too, right, is
when we're working through, this is very old. So, even when we start to upgrade it, we'll hold
the ws, we'll have to replace some new back to the big appliance items. construction that
everything goes to the land. So we just make sure.. I watch HGTV, if that gives you any
comfort. I do. I know, but it's not real life, but it isives you a little bit of an ankling in terms of
it's fun. Um, that thank you. so much for having me so bright and early on on Monday. This
was this was hop for me. Thank you for having me early. I have all the notes, um I'm gonna
start putting everything together. You've got the email for Wednesday, um, has a zoom link
for just pop on zoom, we'll take me to 30 45 minutes coming and go through everything.
um, you should also get an invite for a client portal, and the next few days, um, should pop
out maybe today. Have a look through it it's very interactive. um personalized portal that we
face specifically forcover. and that's how you're gonna kind of manage the whole
renovation, um, for all your material selections will go through there all the financial
models will be in there, stealy site photo upload the when we're working throughout the
progress of it's kind of your centralized area just need to everything. Um, so it'll be very
helpful. There'll be a demo on there. and I say that cause once we're done, we're reviewing
the proposal, I'll release it to your portal and you kind of get out with the. I'll image you be.
So, I I like I said, I was I and this is being very, real with you. I was workingiffany and they'
working me like a dog. I was making a lot of money and I've learned a lot of times in my life
when I've jumped for money. I've never I actually been really sad. Like I it doesn't make me
happy. and the two times I've jumped for less money. I've been so much more happier. And
like also, like, we were planning our wedding and I'm flying to Vegas.