Hi, nice to meet you. you. It's nice. I I comes at working. that's right. I gave it a little early.
minute I. I like. I never know with you coming up down. I'm like, it could be 10 minutes on
time or just 20 minutes. I. um, excuse the mass man in the middle of my spring cleaning, so
it's a little hot, but. So basically, this is my aunt found this apartment, my grandmothers.
and now it's going to be, so, he a littleott, but it's definitely like home and I wanted time., I
just not need book storage, clothes storage, and a few little ugly in my favorite. I've been
here since I was a student, so I've been a back of 10 years. so, I know area. I love it, yeah, I
know it feels like home, but I wanna make it a little bit easier for me, so, um just little things.
so tell me what you need I would be like, let's kind of go through you tell me everything that
you're kind of thinking and I'll give you a little bit about what I think I'm think of video
document everything on scam like all the magents. trust me, this thing is worse. kitchen, so
getting our, so. and it was really old, which I love, but I think it takes up too much space,
probably for the space. Oh, my husband flew out. I don't know why, but. a window there.
Okay, you, um a lot like you might? I would I would cook. Um, the other thing that I' these
two cook and like utility closet. I don't know if this is structural or not. like, do we open wall?
Do we get, like a more open station that't that's fine. Yeah. wall.. So that's just there's
there's lots ofations so that, but then there's a little bit longer with time, like a process.. But
they're tall, they're tall and neat tall, so I mean, there's the theme there. It's an old prewar
building. Oh, I saw a f. I've actually been seeing more and more than these lately. Yeah,
okay. um, we're gonna want an upgrade things.. All right, just think you're gonna need
theows a mass. I mean that's what everything thing is I know that I'm going to like it, so Also,
I know it's very warming here, so feel free to do. It's the sauna. This is the traffic with. so it's
an old studio for then they made it into like made it into one bedroom bedroom, just like a
temporary wall. The weird thing is that these this like, structural door, right? with the
archway that's open is here, so I don't know where there the building in 1941, like was there
a wall fully, I guess? Maybe just bump it out this is. So he bumped this out, so that the bed
would fit. because that is truly a bed. It's like very just barely fits a clean bat. But I like it
what it is, and that it keeps an eye like. Yeah, no, I'm just trying to think is itiss down and
little bit we have, and I guess. Yeah, I would that the only thing that is like do both cases,
like if I gotta make this to more of like. I. And I love them. um, but I need more space for
them, so Where' you go to school? A grad program and I've studied and I. Oh, cool... Yeah, I
love Parmen Jefferson. Thomas Jefferson. Yeah, I've been a few times. We have we took
tricks, zero arensary school. I don't think they've ever been in that building. It's like I I got
the name of the famous dean at that time, but he is like I'll a Super Bowl real all the
architecture, the schools of buildings and celebr very. I said they all. And UDA and then
that, like big like, some people think about the Okay, so, in general, we want to update the
fourth hour space,, both, do you? I know, so that's a port of. Um, my one thought is can I
grow I probably not. Do we sleep over this and. I mean that would probably might need, but
push the frame. These are. These are metal These are metals. So it's like it's really old, like
it's not. I know. listen, these are details that we work out, like it's it's it's more about, like
getting you you know, the preliminary cost of what gonna be, what we're supposed to be in.
and then the bathroom just, it's it's an old prewar, you know, but it's like kind of coming to
like 1980s. garbage It's, um, laundry, a laundry hamper. Oh, that's, it is laundry I'bage., no't
been the wrong idea. it's for a. But again, it's tight in the need to keep the tub. It's hard
because it's you know if you ever are you, it's it's such an old adage thing to say, like,, I don't
know. it's up to you, like, we always say in the room and say, well, it's it only have one after,
it's always. but I mean that this is gonna be a family, the world I, we see it really tough to
shower. I's six, and I just kind of feel like she's gonna live in New York City and whatnot,
so.m in Jersey City, and my mom came over with my Beyian and I'm celebrated East. were
talking and she was like, you know, I almost walking this in Jersey like 30 years ago. And I
sat here dayream and I was like, I was like, what? Like I maybe there, how would you bought
that place, I I mean, listen, that it's a small tub, too. I mean, I think you it might as well just
do it. Well, I would get rid of it. I don't know. I mean, do you soak in the tub? Okay. I would
probably do that. And also an elderly first.. I was washer dryer in the bathroom well that
that's that's the other that's the other thing that's like it would be somewhere in here, but
there's a lot of stage. The other top part is you on napsus to water, so that's why that cold.
here would be good and we have thisap in it's. beink right there and can go straight all the
that's my I guess. like, I think you totally like, it is fine space for your here. Yeah, because
because the comments on the back side here with be very hard to do in there. Um, okay.
and they're all anything with the force? It looks like think so. My cousin did down just, so like
10 years ago, and uh you know, it definitely hardware. But was a little a foster, I don't know
what happened. I think he painted, and it's like throughout the like a m guys are in there it
just kind of get a cold for the.... I think it's more like the better of the walls. I can paint. Um,
but, yeah, I mean, I it's not like high budget.