like if we just keep stacking 30 plates
in the kitchen, like this is're it's gonna collapse in the middle of night, like somewhere up.
and so, like, yeah, it's my best friend just got married to my summer, so she and she's like, I
have to make space for like, all his stuff. I know it's just like it's so hard. an apartment too,
like it trust me, ours looks kind of just like this, like it is not pretty some days, and it's really
yeah, we have we have a whole corner behind our couch. the wall stuff. And like my mom
came around and I like don't go behind the couch. They're like, what is you back there? I
was like, it is just a... No, yeah, were you in the party before um I was amazing. That really
really.. We've been friends since we were 16. Wow. So it's been you know, a long time. She's
basically a sister, which is nice. This is not gonna take a video of your you know, yeah, yeah.
Where was the wedding?, in DC. Oh, cool. She is I' from. Okay, you were born and raised in?
North Virginia... Oh, cool. Yeah. yeah. Um, the cel value. I love all their relationship. Um,
they are actually one of one of the clients of the time for right now. Oh, cool... but I follow
suddenly on international real estate school. very interesting. Very, very good, very well. um
it's interesting in the art world, especially auctional that there's the overallultors, right?
basically VR and. Yeah. You' get $5 million.. Yeah. like a. that is not theated art
history'sideses 19 American camp is it's very is it's crazy because like, going through the
whole arts school architecture, and you realize like, everything's kind of almost object
objective to anything you trying to be art. that's put a lot of people there realize like, I forget,
I was thinking about something the other day and I was thinking, this doesn't matter what I
actually. I like cute. I don't know, like makes are just. Exactly. like it's it's so much different.
And I have actuallyition into the operations of it like playing music that's working at, wow. to
build out. Oh, my gosh. That's so cool. It's really cool. That's. That's so cool. Yeah, I actually
tried a while ago to buy um, cause I've been in construction for like a really long time. um
like five, six, seven years. um and I I used to work for a lot of the big brands, like uh Michael
Pris andichuersace Tiffany, so I was in retail a little bit. Nice. Um, but there' just a little uh,
you' working, yeah. open up stores and do all this stuff.. saw a check that this got it how
does it doing it? So, it's like L basically? Oh, cool. Oh, my gosh. What? That is so cool. So it
gives me everything that I need so I can accomplish. Oh my gosh.. That's fascinating. Yeah,
I use a program like this for exhibit planning, but it's like it's just. Okay, ours is um exhibit for
Voyager and his call it, but it's yeah, it's three same thing. That's really cool. Yeah, it's super
helpful because when we plug it into our our price is cool. and hold all of measurements
and then it's just like that's why, like I was like, if I can get back on the phone on Wednesday,
like, I can get thisone in, it'll come out autoculate everything and I do my checks and my QA
and I'm presented on. Wednesday. and then, yes, I'm gonna, you want me to be? I'm not I'm
I just I don't. Yeah, I don't I don't want you to. I don't wanna. fine, I'll in. activity here, what I'll
do is I'm just gonna take a the video open up the breaker, then we can come pop in and that
it' gonna keep you after. All right, here. I'll take it. know if this gas riser was cat or we're just
at the end of the line here? and it doesn't need to go up in the We have. I'm good. No, I'
back. I have everything that I need. Um, I know if we were a contact recently when I was
looking through the notes., everything. We it just worked out insane, you know, and people
quit and left and basically I was there all the time. I was there for like, really even. Um, so, I
just sitaps at theash and I I think there's also like the I I know this is just gonna be a big
project I have to read now, which is gonna talk about that you mentioned maybe not in the
summer, because of the heat so hot in here. Yeah, it's going to you guys work here., why
wouldn't, you would go to a place that actually air conditioned. Because I wouldn't want
you guys working and it gets to be like 90 different. I' serious. I just I don't wanna subject in
that, like don't our team is used to working way worse. they're in crawl spaces. They're in a
lot of different areas. We wanna make sure works for you. And when I saw that note, and I
was like, interesting. It's like degrees and say consistent of eight sex at least, and you know
it's, because let's talk about the timeline of what the right, so we're gonna, you know, work
through this, it's gonna take time. It's a big and best way. I'm not even opening time just
gonna matter. When you're ready to move forward.. if we planninging for this is gonna take
at least two months, um, right, because we're gonna wanna work through the kitchen, you
know, you're gonna engage for the designers, you have to go to work, you know you're busy,
you have to drop fry showroom, we'll take you up to, like, you know, four or no satel bar, you
know, colder to go toilet. I mean, a lot of times when you're in theating something, it's not
amazing going see toilet pictures, but like, and like pul sits in things like these, but you'll
paying the money and you wanna see what you're buying, you're well. so you're kind of let
me back up a second. so once you start with design, we kind of ask your aesthetic five, you
know, are you more, you know, black and white, you have colors? And then from there, you
know, they'll look for the scope of work and for years of bathroom and, those are the main
focusaries that are gonna be. Right. There are some the factors of both, they're gonna use
the best kind of understand it in the space and it is one..