Walk trough with Francia 
Sun, Feb 15, 2026

0:00 - Participant 2
That's how you had it.

0:01 - Participant 2
Okay, okay.

0:02 - Participant 1
That was it.

0:04 - Participant 2
This is Josiah.

0:06 - Participant 1
Hi, how are you? I'm Iran. Nice to meet you. What was it again? Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. So I have the plan. I look at them, but let's assume I didn't. So we're going to go through everything perfect. Like what we want to do exactly and everything.

0:24 - Participant 2
We can start outside or we can...

0:27 - Participant 1
Yeah, and I'm looking at some things too, so some things might change. Like that column over there, because we still have it in the drawings.

0:55 - Participant 2
but so honestly, so again, like we have to race it, elevate it, like hopefully maybe we can do more than two things, so two, three, just to like take advantage of that.

1:07 - Participant 1
I mean, if it's already being elevated, then I don't see why not three.

1:15 - Participant 2
Okay, good. That's good to know.

1:18 - Participant 1
Because it's already been picked up.

1:21 - Participant 2
Yeah, yeah. So again, if there's a problem, You need to do two foot above the foot. Probably, yeah. Or three foot above the foot. Right now it's six at the finish floor.

1:56 - Participant 1
Six foot between the ground to the floor?

2:01 - Participant 2
No, just like how it's elevated. Like for the FEMA, it's at six.

2:08 - Participant 1
Ah, the request.

2:09 - Participant 2
The request, it's eight. It needs to be at eight, but right now we're at six.

2:14 - Participant 1
So that's why you need another two feet.

2:16 - Participant 1
So the BFE needs to be at eight.

2:20 - Participant 3
They told us there's ways around it, but I mean, if we're going to invest all this money into it, it's like, you might as well, you know, get it properly up. That way, nothing, no natural disaster can take it out.

2:31 - Participant 2
So, so yeah, the fee is to be at eight. So if we can, if we can keep it at eight, but like raise it more for the ceilings, like that would be perfect.

2:40 - Participant 1
When you say the ceilings, you want the ceilings to be higher. Like the roof.

2:45 - Participant 2
So we just elevate everything. And then the, floor trusses still at eight but like if we raise three we gain like 12 inches at least I don't know no no I got you the whole thing is gonna get uh to eight yes and the flow is gonna get back to seven correct and then inside you're gonna gain the yeah no yeah yeah the height yeah yeah it's gonna be nice so and I mean and the trusses they all need to get done like right now when see it inside it's like it's slanted.

3:20 - Participant 3
Yeah we have some termites as well which is expected here. Yeah yeah.

3:25 - Participant 2
But I think the trusses like when we checked them I think they're fine because we checked the ones here. This is like a garage that it was converted into like a motoring last week.

3:37 - Participant 3
Yeah years ago years years ago.

3:39 - Participant 2
So we checked the trusses there and they're in good condition so I don't think I don't think we have any issues with the roof except like Maybe on the eve of the soffit, like obviously like all events to get done. Uh, probably at the others and stuff, but, uh, so yeah, so, so on the floor plans, like for example, like this door gets eliminated, we get rid of those stairs.

4:01 - Participant 1
So you, you, so this is like the garage, right? That used to be the garage. So you don't want any entrance or anything.

4:09 - Participant 2
It'd be further towards the, uh, yeah, got you so do you want a movie close the door here yeah because that's gonna be the kitchen there so we want to have access to the kitchen yeah so if we come in like we drive and park we have access there okay so this one's gonna be like a guest room office guest room but with an entrance from the house not from here uh from the house yes yes exactly yeah we don't want anything yeah the only entrance should probably be like right there in the corner for like a side door that's not elevated that's a great yeah that stays no that that's how we're gonna have to elevate too so I guess we have to yeah I know that's tricky no no nothing is tricky just understanding understanding perfect and evaluate what's what what doesn't work you know maybe it would be cheaper to demolish that section with build it?

5:11 - Participant 1
I don't know. You know what I mean? That's why we need to understand it well and analyze what are the right steps for budget and for quality and things like that.

5:23 - Participant 2
No, I agree.