But again, the custom cabinets, we're really, it kind of goes into the finishes, right? So if you want to use a high-end, Scandinavian finish, something like that. It's going to be more money.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: What about from the cheapest to the most expensive? What is the range we are looking at? The kitchen would be what?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: I mean the cheapest...
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: And this is minus the labor and sector, all of that? You're talking about the material?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: This is my labor and install.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: I think 70k is a pretty nice kitchen. Okay. You could probably go down to 45k for the kitchen on the lower end. On the lower end.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Yeah. Which would be... Material, labor, install, everything. So, I only get the appliances and that's it. Okay, got it.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Typically, we don't do the countertops. We don't have that in our proposal. It's like a finished material, but I can, that's included in the rough number of 45. Okay.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: So, kitchen. I want the kitchen to be open. Okay. So, I want to have an island.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Yeah.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Very nice.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: I would change the floors.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: I would take this wall out, open it up. I have one and a half bathroom, half here. I converted it into a small bed area for my child. I'm thinking of partitioning the dining area and making it a bedroom so basically this will remain as such the this bedroom will remain as such okay and this will basically be part of this bedroom and the dining area basically Okay, so this will be what...
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: So this currently is...
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Technically it is...
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: This is the master suite right now.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Yes. This whole room.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: So I carved out a den here basically. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Right?
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: For use as a bedroom. And here I was thinking of putting up like a...
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Oh, that's a great place for a bedroom. It's a great place for a bedroom. And if we open this up and have our island access into the kitchen here somewhere, is that what you're thinking?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Yeah. And close this wall here. Architectural, etc. Fees, what does that look like,
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Yeah.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Let's say a bathroom remodel, how much does that cost?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: That is based on what? You do, right? We're doing very minimal scope. 15 and 20 thousand?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: It's pretty standard. Okay. And look at it, that is, the architect is going to come out and take really detailed measurements of the entire space.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: It would come down if it is, and does the architect come and visit the site also?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Yeah, sure.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Yeah. Help you envision what it is you're trying to do. But that said, where the way that we would engage an architect and the reason the architect would be engaged is because they need to be what's called an architect on record. Okay. So what they do is they basically say hey this is the set of plans we are filing this set of plans legally in our license under our license and then they will submit it to the Department of Buildings for review approval and they take all liability for the plans right and the layout.

 Okay and then you just around 50 to 60 for a bathroom.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Okay and So what do you guys do? Let's say if I were to extend this bathroom up to this point, include this area in the bathroom, make that, you know, a little bigger, the smaller bathroom.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Yeah, look, it makes sense to try and do that.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Absolutely. So from a bathroom standpoint, one option is...
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: So the room doesn't change.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Okay.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: It remains as such. Remains as such. So basically what I'm thinking is, and I don't know, I'm thinking of basically the room will come to this point because this is a load-bearing pillar I can't change. Yep. These doors will close. The entrance will be primarily from this cabinet. This cabinet is going Mm-hmm. Well, so basically you come entire room. Mm-hmm. You go through here Behind it went through here.


UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Mm-hmm.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: There's a door here for this room. Mm-hmm. This is You come out from here, there's a door here And these cabinets go And do you want to close this off?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: entirely? In this over here? This here, you want to close this right up? No, right?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Yeah. Okay. You think that's not a good idea?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: No, no, no. I'm sorry. I'm just visualizing the final layout here.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: So, this is going to be a permanent wall? Permanent wall. Yeah.