And can the Department of Building also do this?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Say, no, you can't do this?
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Not really.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Not really.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: And why I say not really is because whenever we are not as a company, as an entity, as an architect, which we're calling part of our team in this case as well, they're not going to submit anything to the Department of Buildings that's not going to be approved. Yeah. Right. So the main thing that we need to get through is approval from the building.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: So how much money potentially, what is the lowest amount that I can invest before finding out that it is approved? And we are good to go.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: The lowest amount, I mean you have to obviously determine how much the proposal is going to be, sign with us, put a deposit down, do the same with the architect and then look, we can also make a contingent like if it doesn't get approval, give you the deposit back. Yeah, that's... And you know, I think it's important to keep in mind that...
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Because I want to be upfront with you, right? I don't want to give you $20,000 deposit, another $10,000 deposit to just find out that what I'm thinking can't be done. Like I'm out of pocket, $30,000 so what? Right?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Yeah. No, I think it's a... I'm glad you brought it up. Because this has been bothering me.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Because as much as I want to do it, but I want to have the lowest risk. Like obviously, I understand that when people put in time, and they do an initial proposal or like, you know, an initial drawing, they'll charge, right? But I want it to be at that stage only because I need to know that what I'm thinking is doable. If the building say, oh, no, no, the rest of the floors are different, their pipes are different, blah, blah, oh, you can't do this.


Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Then it becomes a completely different thing. It does. So what we'll have to do, we can structure the payment terms in a way that is less of an initial investment for you. Yeah. And we can put some contingencies in there that, you know, if things don't get approved, you know, we can work out what that is. But also with an architect as well, when you engage them, you don't pay any type fee upfront.

 Not at all. Right? You know, you pay them for first stage, which is design feasibility assessments, you know, submitting to the building.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Yeah.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Once that is approved, they request an additional payment and you move forward progressively through that.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Okay. So, I think I've tried to explain to you as much as possible. That was one year of brainstorming in 20 years. Good thing you have a good memory.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: You'll see when I put the proposal together. No, but thank you.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Do you want some coffee? Do you want some coffee? Do you want some coke? If you know Pakistanis, this is part of our culture.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Really?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Yeah, so feel free to let me know. Okay, I will.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Coffee? I'll take coffee.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: I'll make you Pakistani coffee. Oh, absolutely.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: But no milk. I don't drink milk.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Oh, you don't drink milk? Then the coffee is easy.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Perfect.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Look, what I'm going to do, I'm going to take a scan and a video. Is that alright?
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: I won't be long.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: So you just want black coffee?
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Yeah, that would be amazing.