Got it.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: So, this will be a closed off bedroom entirely?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Yeah.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Listed as a den?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Listed as a den.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Got it.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: which is what we'll need to do illegally. Yeah. Make this another room. Yeah. So, it will be kind of a three bedroom.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Mm-hmm. Amazing.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: You think this is a good idea? I, from the little bit that I've been in here, yeah, I don't see how else you can do it.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Right. I don't see how else you can do it. We, me and my wife have debated this to length yeah and this seems like the only possible option because you have that load-bearing wall there you have to work around that yeah so basically the entrance is going to be from this side this is going to be an alleyway virtually going like this we could have a closet in here we can have the closet exactly that way yeah yeah for sure yeah you should do that yeah And you could possibly...

 So we can have the closets running all over the wall actually.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: All the way. Or what you could even do, which might make more sense is put... Bring this wall out here, have a closet in here for your son to access from here.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Okay.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: That you have to be careful.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Who are going to tell you they're going to do the exact same thing, and surely they probably will, but the quality is going to be terrible. Yeah. And you know, you save some money up front, But quality and installation and execution, it's everything in this industry. Yeah. Everything.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: I completely agree. So, I think we've covered it all.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Okay.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: So, do you have a sense of how much this is going to cost? No, you don't. Okay. I don't. Because you're going to be somewhere like, I'd like to say, if we have two baths, kitchen, flooring, doors. You're going to be a minimum for my cost like 250.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: That includes finishing material or no?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Not including finishing. Really? I thought this is going to be close to 300,000 overall, no?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: No, yeah, overall. Yeah, yeah, with finished materials, sure. In here, I think you're probably going to spend about 50,000 on finished materials. 50, 60, maybe 70 on the high end. But I think around 300 all in is pretty realistic.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Yeah, I want to keep it under 300.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Fair enough.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: I don't think you should spend more than that in here. No, I don't want to.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: I don't want to.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: But it's probably not worth it as well. No, then financially there is no ROI. Exactly. But when you send me the proposal, I will ask you how we can bring this down further, right? What do we need to change because it is line itemized so if I say okay so if we don't open up the kitchen how much difference or if we let's say but in in my scope of work I don't think there's much wiggle room actually in terms of what you can't do like right yeah I mean one thing that I am I'm happy about in this walkthrough is you've lived in the space for a while yeah You and your wife have likely had multiple conversations.


Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: You've walked, this makes sense. I've had like...
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Endless, right?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: 10, at least 50 wine bottles. 200 whiskey bottles. Exactly. Which is good. Yeah. Which is good. And why I'm saying this is helpful for me.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Because I'm coming in here, I know exactly what you want to do. Yeah. It's thought out well, again. And I think it's... It spatially makes sense.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Yeah.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: So like, because it makes sense from the start. I haven't seen anything here that is concerning on my end that I can say like, I don't really think you can do that. Yeah. The one thing I think we'll need to just, will be a little bit tricky is the bathroom, expanding the bathroom. Okay.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: That's always a little bit difficult when it comes to buildings. Yeah, but I was talking to the building super, the building management of, you know, not on record. They were like, you should be able to do it because the lines, you know, the J line, 3J, 4J, they have a slightly different layout because I am on the lowest floor and since the lobby is underneath me, part of my basically layout has basically gone into the lobby.

 So, the space got, you know, the 3J for example has 150 square feet more on that side. So, basically, but have this entire thing as two bathrooms so basically for he was like so I don't think unless the building management you know is really pissed at you yeah but other than that make sense make sense you what can you tell Do you want to knock this wall down? Yeah, open this up. The reason is obviously because once you know the kitchen is open, you're coming in from here, if you have let's say you know a couple of bar stools, you can't have this wall.

 This is going to make the thing look smaller because you'll have a wall here.