But if you open that up, it's going to Amazing.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: 10, at least 50 wine bottles. 200 whiskey bottles. Exactly. Which is good. Yeah. Which is good. And why I'm saying this is helpful for me.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Because I'm coming in here, I know exactly what you want to do. Yeah. It's thought out well, again. And I think it's... It spatially makes sense.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Yeah.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: So like, because it makes sense from the start. I haven't seen anything here that is concerning on my end that I can say like, I don't really think you can do that. Yeah. The one thing I think we'll need to just, will be a little bit tricky is the bathroom, expanding the bathroom. Okay.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: That's always a little bit difficult when it comes to buildings. Yeah, but I was talking to the building super, the building management of, you know, not on record. They were like, you should be able to do it because the lines, you know, the J line, 3J, 4J, they have a slightly different layout because I am on the lowest floor and since the lobby is underneath me, part of my basically layout has basically gone into the lobby.

 So, the space got, you know, the 3J for example has 150 square feet more on that side. So, basically, but have this entire thing as two bathrooms so basically for he was like so I don't think unless the building management you know is really pissed at you yeah but other than that make sense make sense you what can you tell Do you want to knock this wall down? Yeah, open this up. The reason is obviously because once you know the kitchen is open, you're coming in from here, if you have let's say you know a couple of bar stools, you can't have this wall.

 This is going to make the thing look smaller because you'll have a wall here. But if you open that up, it's going to Amazing.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Cool. It's exciting. Have you renovated before? I have in Texas and in Chicago.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: But that... That's different out there.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: This is wow. You can go out. You know those cities. Maybe I don't know.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: So basically you can go out, get a guy. He fucks up. Don't have a problem. You get another guy. Nobody comes and checks. No, it's not a problem.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: The good and the bad thing about renovating in New York is buildings are very strict. I know.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: And co-ops?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Very strict. And it protects the consumer. It protects the building. It protects the value of this space. If you could get anyone from Home Depot here, the whole city would fall down in a day.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: It would fall down in a day. It really would. Amazing. So, let's to figure this out.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Yeah.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: And how long is the construction work in your opinion? 3, 4, 3 months?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Construction is about 3 to 4 months.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Okay.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Start to finish.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: That is construction.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: So, when we come in and do demolition.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: No, but the planning etcetera all of that is.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: That is separate. Yeah. So, you break it out into two phases. Okay. Pre-construction, construction. Okay. Pre-construction, there is a, that is arguably the more challenging part.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Yeah. Right. Designing everything.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: we have to get our plans submitted and approved to the building, we need to get our plan submitted to the DRB.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: So tell, walk me through one example. Yeah. Let's say worst case. We submit an initial plan to the building for two platforms. They shoot it down, right? That is something on which the entire virtually renovation is hinging upon. So what happens then?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: I mean, well, if there's, would you be interested in doing any of the other work?
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: Yes, I would be. But then it would, I would then make it budget wise, bring it down. And look, because from a resale perspective, for me to resell it, it needs to be a two bed, two bath, legal two bed, two bath with a den, right? If they make it two bed, den and one and a half bath, boom, that project is, you know, maybe not worth it.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Yeah, so look.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: So how does the engagement, like for example, I engage you, we pay the architect, blah, blah, $20,000 in, we submit it to the building, the building shuts it down. And you guys have spent hours on design, obviously, with the architect and us and, you know, Yeah, so then it's just a modification to the proposal, right?
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Okay.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 1: Look, it can happen.
Conference Room (Zach Barnes-Corby) - Speaker 2: I will say, you know... I'm trying to figure out how much money potentially can I lose to the point where, you know, the things have been submitted to the building.