Yeah so that's easy but a little bit the city is a bit more strict but no big deal and then you want to move out when the core is happening right like the really big mess and you know for example with Ryan I told him would budget that limited to a month even maybe, but there is not doing the kitchen for example.

 Like here, it's a bigger project, obviously would be much more costlier, and it would be a big dollar amount to sequence. I don't think it's worth it. You understand what I'm saying?\nParticipant 4: No, especially with a lot of demo happening.\nParticipant 1: Yeah, I can tell you like I will do the two rooms and then I will do the other room and then I will do this and then I will do that and I will leave the kitchen to the end. But it's on such a big project, it would be a cost that I don't think worth it.\nParticipant 3: Yeah, we'll move out.\nParticipant 2: Do you also do patios and outdoor?\nParticipant 1: Anything and you want a swimming pool, we can do a swimming pool, right?\nParticipant 2: So look at the problem, we have the biggest issue, look at our plans.\nParticipant 3: We can't really build or put something that is attached according to the building rules. We can do whatever we want here. So we're thinking about putting like fake grass. I don't like fake grass. Or some...\nParticipant 2: Deck. Like a deck. Wooden deck.\nParticipant 1: First of all, yeah, deck can be done.\nParticipant 2: And even though you see that it's a little bit, like it's curvy, but I guess because of the water, because of the rain, it's It's not flat.\nParticipant 1: What about doing the laundry outside? No, they will not let you.\nParticipant 3: How do you do that?\nParticipant 4: Build some sort of a shed or something? Running the water lines. Unless there's water outside.\nParticipant 1: Yeah, building like something like that. Call it a day. A little bit higher, nicer. I'm just, you know, I like just annoyed that we need to lose space and good spaces for that. So I'm trying to think like, Yeah, look, you can do a wood deck here for sure. It's a huge wood deck, so. So it will be a bit... It will cost. What are you really using it for? Like, you're really using the space?\nParticipant 2: It's ugly, so the kids are running around here, but we don't host here too much. We would like to. We'd like to make a...\nParticipant 1: Like, you barbecue?\nParticipant 2: The kids are pretty much just playing here.\nParticipant 1: You're not allowed to mark Cuba. You're not allowed?\nParticipant 2: The building in front of us exploded. So, the kids are playing here. Obviously, it would be nicer, it would be funner to host here, to hang out here more. But a lot of things Did you see the wind? Now we picked it up. The wind here, it's crazy. Everything we have that's not connected, those...\nParticipant 1: But you can have big plants like that, that we're not gonna fly. You can have them bigger.\nParticipant 2: I would love to make this more for plants, but this Ariel and I did together. To make it more gardening.\nParticipant 3: I would love to hear.\nParticipant 2: I don't have too much.\nParticipant 1: I mean maybe go tomatoes or cucumbers, I don't know, whatever you like, It's a huge space.\nParticipant 2: It's a huge and I don't even know what to do with it. You see the owl furniture is in that area.\nParticipant 1: Listen, we're going to give you some of these and some I would focus on the interior.\nParticipant 3: There is a big project for the building. They're going to repaint the entire facade.\nParticipant 1: They might use some of our areas. So I would wait. No, so if you know that for sure and for a fact.\nParticipant 3: In the next year, year and a half, we're going to have.\nParticipant 1: So I would wait with everything outside. They're going to use our places. Yes, because it's going to get damaged and then you would have to fight them and da, da, da. You know, the thing is that you need to pay attention is when you give them permission and blah, blah, you're on the board. Get permission for everything you want to do in a year or two. That's it.\nParticipant 3: When they replace the AC, they keep a third of the balcony for staging area for two months. So I wouldn't invest too much. At least until we're finished with all the Do you have any budget in mind?\nParticipant 1: I mean, it's a project. It's not, it's not, I wouldn't even call it renovation. I don't have.\nParticipant 3: Not yet.\nParticipant 1: That's why you guys are here. No, no, for sure.\nParticipant 3: I mean, I mean, I mean, I'm just one of the development and, you know, I'm doing commercial stuff. We, we have a lot of properties in Miami and\nParticipant 1: Where are you like, what do you like,\nParticipant 3: I work for Moe Shemana.\nParticipant 2: Budget wise, we're not moist.\nParticipant 3: We have a lot of properties, we do a lot of work.\nParticipant 1: Our offices are in Wynwood. Where in Wynwood? 29 Dorsey.\nParticipant 1: There's industries over there.\nParticipant 1: So you said, so you know.\nParticipant 3: So yeah, I'm familiar with the costs, obviously. But it's hard to say.\nParticipant 1: It's a few hundred thousand dollars. Yeah, it's a big project. It's a project. It's not renovation. It's not home improvement. It's a real project. I mean, you know, I guess.\nParticipant 4: It's a project.\nParticipant 2: When we're thinking, say, looking elsewhere we realize we're always going to have to do it.\nParticipant 3: Yeah I was thinking about maybe selling and buying something else but anyway you got to renovate so it doesn't matter.\nParticipant 1: Yeah look especially if you're staying in Aventura. We're doing a lot of work over here in Aventura and it's because first of all I think you know it's a good opportunity financially. The apartments that are priced very well and they just need like massive renovation.