You see those Instagram, there's a lot of Instagram now where they do the material, And then they put below like maybe stones from the river or wood, all kinds of things.

\nParticipant 2: So can we do that on top of this though? Can we cover this instead of breaking it all down?\nParticipant 1: Why would you also lose the inch in height? And you would have to have something that the material will sit on it. And then you would be maybe, I don't know.\nParticipant 2: And every wall like this, if you feel, I don't know, we don't know if it needs to be this big, maybe holding something up that it can be smaller.\nParticipant 3: I was told we can't, but I don't know. Who said you can?\nParticipant 2: The engineer from the building?\nParticipant 1: like make it smaller I don't know specifically here I don't know there is a beam inside but whatever the beam is the beam it's going to stay whatever around it yeah doesn't mean anything because I know this we have to keep so I don't know what's necessary and what's not.\nParticipant 2: But maybe this is because aesthetic-wise, because it needs to be rounded like this. I mean, we have enough space, so we don't, this is pretty much what it should be. If you understand from our neighbor that, you can cut it into half, but I don't know what to do with the other part.\nParticipant 3: We're expanding the kitchen, I don't think we need the storage. Continuing the kitchen. All the way to this side?\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Maybe not with, you know, we just have like a- And then the counter is- No, Luke.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: These are 48 by 48.\nParticipant 4: They're huge. If you- And then you can- And then I cover it? No, I mean it's just a similar idea of like much bigger tiles. Which is the 48 and like, you see when it's crowded, it makes the flow.\nParticipant 3: Yeah, so it won't be like this.\nParticipant 1: I think that if you're going with the kitchen all the way and it's becoming so big, what I would do is move the refrigerator from here to another space and use this corner, which is nice, big, and to do like a double or even triple pantry. You know what I mean? Okay, yeah. When you, when you pull out the sheds and then, and then you have tons of storage space.\nParticipant 2: And also we can do the counter, the island with storage inside. So if we do a, what you're thinking of the island this way? No, this way.\nParticipant 3: Maybe all the way here.\nParticipant 2: And then again, where do you want to put the living room?\nParticipant 3: And then the dining room here and then the living room on the corner here.\nParticipant 2: So not all the way there. You want to make it a little bit.\nParticipant 3: I don't know. I got to see some designs.\nParticipant 2: So up to here. And then here, dining table. And then here, the living room.\nParticipant 3: And hopefully, the TV here is some kind of a...\nParticipant 1: Can do. That can be done.\nParticipant 3: And then you don't have any sun issues, because there's never sun here. It's only here and here. It's actually good to have the TV facing this way. You want curtains, right?\nParticipant 2: I want curtains, yeah. From all the way to the top, but we want fabric curtains. Instead of these shades. Does that make sense?\nParticipant 1: So fabric curtains, something that will fit the desert look, and obviously it's a to be electrical.\nParticipant 3: And we got to get rid of this. Can you take, yeah, that's.\nParticipant 1: And that's demo, like the chandelier, you're going to take it out.\nParticipant 4: That's no big deal.\nParticipant 2: Something more acidic. And ideally, it makes light, because that does not really make light. Yeah, it looks like a lot of light. I know all the design pretty ones don't make a lot of light. If we can find something that can also.\nParticipant 1: You want something else here?\nParticipant 2: I do.\nParticipant 1: So some other chandelier that will be.\nParticipant 3: Like a yellow light, not a white light.\nParticipant 1: Yeah, like real life, like useful, practical, not just nice.\nParticipant 2: You moved lately? No, no, two years ago, but he left everything here, all the furniture. So we're trying with our little touches to make it more desert-y, like you're saying, Tulum style.\nParticipant 1: I like it, even better than desert.\nParticipant 3: Yeah, let's see the upstairs.\nParticipant 2: Did you show the bathroom here? So here there's this. Also here if we can think of rearranging, doing something differently. Marcia, she's a teen, tween, she's going to be a teenager soon.\nParticipant 1: So you want to keep something shower, you need a shower.\nParticipant 2: not a guest it's not a powder room it's not no we have a powder room but my mom two weeks in the year is gonna be using I was thinking maybe moving the door here moving the wall the door like closing it here so she won't even have the door and then opening a door here and then then it could be a guest room for those who are sleeping in that part then we need to deal with this decide how we why would we move The water and everything, right?

\nParticipant 1: Like maybe here or something.\nParticipant 2: Do you think it's an option? My daughter does not like that option, but I think if it can work. And here we have the powder room. Yeah, it's very nice. Pretty big. And again, this is a...\nParticipant 1: You want to keep it or change it or...\nParticipant 2: Change it. What we need here.\nParticipant 1: Simple, I mean I would start with vanity.\nParticipant 2: And also remember we can use like borrow for the kitchen what we don't need, right? Because we're opening it on the other side. But to make it bigger? Yeah, no to make this smaller.\nParticipant 1: It's enough. Yes, no? Yeah, it's good enough.