Participant 4: Hi, how are you?\nParticipant 2: I'm good, how are you? Good. Who's who? I'm Eran. Who? I'm Eran. Eran? Okay, nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. This is Mo. We're transcribing the conversation, if you're okay? Yes. So we remember everything that you want. Yeah, yeah, yeah, of course. Come in.\nParticipant 1: This is my mother's house. This is my husband, Cory.\nParticipant 2: Hi, Cory. Nice to meet you.\nParticipant 2: You say Mo, or you say...\nParticipant 1: Mo. Who's... Mo. Who's... Eran.\nParticipant 2: Massimo? Who's Massimo? Massimo is... Okay, yeah.\nParticipant 4: Okay, got it. How you doing? How you doing? Mo. Cory.\nParticipant 1: Nice to meet you. And Eran. Okay, so um what we were thinking Was to do an expansion in the back. So we live in Texas, but we're probably gonna be moving here because my mom's been here like 40 years and she doesn't want to move. And she's getting older and she's a widow. So the space is basically gonna be to expand back here. Mm-hmm.\nParticipant 2: Yes.\nParticipant 3: and basically the length of the house and all the way to if possible I don't know so okay go ahead well I was gonna say we'd like to put a garage here but that could be a different phase if it makes a difference but um expanding the house what yeah all the way to the length of the house 20 some feet from 20 feet 20 something 20 feet.\nParticipant 1: Oh, you're counting it? OK, because I was going to get a tape measure if you rather have one.\nParticipant 2: And the whole width of the house? Yes. Yes. So the whole width of the house. Yes. The whole length. The whole length.\nParticipant 3: so it's a lot of space like two three rooms so there's the master currently on the end and we want to expand a little bit but also add like a bathroom and a closet and then add another bedroom with a bathroom and a closet I'm not too worried about the palm tree to be honest with you because I don't think the palm tree needs to be It's a good expansion. Hi, how are you?\nParticipant 2: Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you.\nParticipant 1: So, expanding it, yeah, so all the way, like you said, so I think the house, when I did it in the front, it was about 50 feet. When I measured it here for tape, so it would be 50 by 20.\nParticipant 2: Of extension, 50 20 an extension.\nParticipant 1: garage part I don't know how much of a difference that would be um like he said it might the garage might be a phase two I don't know if if you guys are able to give us like kind of an idea of what it would be adding the garage and without the garage yeah of course so then the garage um will give you it will give you a proposal that is that is detailed then you can so basically it would be here to about here so I don't know how long I don't have the paper um sorry yeah okay thank you so about here uh up to the you know the wall basically yes kind of like a two-car garage closed built yes yeah 18 so I mean that you think that sounds yeah that's a reasonable it should be I guess 18 on or it could be 16 18 because obviously she's got space I don't know with maybe 18 25 30 something like that I would say the length the length of the driveway right now it's like 25 I think yeah no or actually we want to butt it up with uh we want to butt it up with um it's not necessary you just want two car two cars in here right well I was going to say you could use that space for like the laundry you could I mean so right now the Laundry is in here.

\nParticipant 4: So I guess if we could move it, guys.\nParticipant 1: I need some. So yeah, to expand it. And then the idea is, so on that side of the house, which is her bedroom, to expand her bedroom that 20 feet and to include a Walk-in closet and a Can we see from the inside?\nParticipant 2: It's okay?\nParticipant 1: Yeah. I always see my mom. It's crowded in here.\nParticipant 4: Are you guys planning to do any demolition to the structure at the back, like right now?\nParticipant 1: What do you mean as far as demolition?\nParticipant 4: No, like that pergola outside.\nParticipant 4: Yeah, that would be taken down.\nParticipant 1: Yeah, yeah, yeah. OK. It would be taken down. So basically part of the project. OK, let's see that. So part of the project would be this kitchen would get expanded out towards not the full 20, but to expand it.\nParticipant 2: So you want to make the kitchen bigger, bigger in that way. Another what? Three foot, six foot bigger.\nParticipant 1: So I want to expand this way and I want to expand that way.\nParticipant 3: You want to expand this way too?\nParticipant 1: Yeah, a little bit.\nParticipant 2: Not by much. Okay, so that's how.\nParticipant 1: So maybe, I don't know how long this is.