Either white or black for me.\nParticipant 3: I mean, if it's the same countertop as the kitchen, it's fine. We have time.\nParticipant 2: I just want to have a general understanding of what is the direction, you know, what I saw. And in the second bathroom, only shower or shower with tub? Did I ask? Do you want a tub in our bathroom? No tub, shower. So there is no tub at all?\nParticipant 3: Just ask me. I don't care.\nParticipant 2: Yeah, most people, a lot of people now don't do tub at all.\nParticipant 3: The only problem is if you ever try to sell it, a tub's nice for families.\nParticipant 1: That is true.\nParticipant 3: But we still have that bathroom that we have to figure out eventually, which you could just put a tub and shower in there. So no tub in ours.\nParticipant 4: So two showers for her bathroom and your bathroom. Yes.\nParticipant 1: Now with hers, I would like if there was a way to incorporate certain things for disabilities.\nParticipant 3: Accessibility. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hers for sure.\nParticipant 1: Okay, so it would just be the bars. She doesn't want the... Like I was going to get something for her to sit, she said no. You can always get the platter, don't worry.\nParticipant 2: Whenever you want, If you buy it, we're going to install it. In 5 years, in 3 years, in whatever. In 100 years, we're still going to install it.\nParticipant 1: I'm still thinking about the question that you asked me because our house has crown molding and I absolutely do not like it. But it's too expensive to replace and fix, so I just left it. As far as the style, I don't have a particular style. I think it's more like colors.\nParticipant 3: Well, probably more like, do you like the modern look?\nParticipant 2: Like, for example, in the bathrooms, you want tiles all the way from the floor to the ceiling, you want tiles halfway. Only in the shower area, not the rest of the bathroom. Yeah, shower area.\nParticipant 1: Like her bathroom in there, it's tiled all over the bathroom, I hate that. And the ceiling.\nParticipant 3: So drywall everywhere except for where the shower is at. And then for the shower, if we can get either a glass door, sliding door.\nParticipant 1: Yes. Yeah. I would say the tile in the shower. Yeah. All the way to the ceiling. Cause it's not tall ceilings anyway. Um, and I would say the same thing for hers as well.\nParticipant 2: And the homes, the floors in the homes going on in the new rooms is going to be the same tile.\nParticipant 1: We're going to put tile throughout the same, same tile throughout the entire house.\nParticipant 3: If we do the house other than the bathrooms or maybe different, Yeah, that's true.\nParticipant 2: Smaller or bigger?\nParticipant 1: The tile would be probably bigger than that one.\nParticipant 2: Like 24 by 24?\nParticipant 3: Well, probably 12 by 24.\nParticipant 1: I don't know if I want planks.\nParticipant 3: 12 by 24. So it's like double the size of that.\nParticipant 1: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. 12 by 24. 12 by 24. So I have an idea of our bathroom.\nParticipant 3: I would probably want our bathroom.\nParticipant 1: The flooring would be 12 by shower 24, walls probably 12 24 and then the shower will probably be the hexagon if I had to guess or octagon whatever it's whatever design preference it would just like it it would be more of to make sure that the shower floor is on like anti-slip I like things usually the same I don't change my style too much in both showers probably a niche yeah yeah a niche to put the shower the shower shampoo soap and then if there would be able to build some incorporate some sort of like either like linen closets or something like that to put you know in the bathroom in the bathroom yes yeah I mean it doesn't have to be massive like ours is tiny but in our house but something to put because she has like eight million towels we do too so not as much but now you're gonna confuse the AI model who will try to figure out how it fits eight million towels million into the house sorry no but you know because it could be used for like we use ours for our linen and then we use it also for like some medicines and stuff like that okay okay um what else I don't want to miss any painting inside there are you guys painting the whole house um so painting all obviously the new one yes and the kitchen uh the rest of the house I don't know we put a price for everything and then we put a price to paint everything and then you can take it out just have it in mind you know and for the exterior would you guys want to do anything exterior work To the existing, I'm talking about the existing house.

 So in the front maybe?\nParticipant 3: What are you talking about?\nParticipant 1: Like give it a little more curvature. But that would probably be a different thing.\nParticipant 3: The one thing is maybe, do you want it painted?\nParticipant 1: It might have to be painted. Yeah, it would. To match. Now, my concern is, so... I don't know. ¿Qué es eso, mami? Eso es una bomba de agua para sacar agua en el fondo de la tierra. It's like a well? I'm scared of lizards. I don't know what this necessarily is. Oh gosh, I hate lizards. Sorry. I don't know what this thing is. There's a water pump right here. I guess pump water. That's a water pump. It's a pump water.

 What is that? I don't know if it actually works. She says it works. She doesn't know if the engine is disconnected. Yeah, the motor is disconnected. I don't know if like that is needed or she would like to keep it I guess. I don't know. I would like to keep it. You can use when there's no water everywhere you can take water from here. Maybe it's not pure water but to wash. Now the other The other thing is that's her water heater, which is outside.

 So we would definitely want that water heater moved somewhere. In the kitchen, in the laundry. Into like the laundry space.\nParticipant 4: Which is, you said it's going to be used in that section.