Probably here, yes.\nParticipant 1: If we expand, because I mean, like how Eran was saying, did I say that right? Eran? Okay. He's, you know, like you said, I mean, we might not have to expand this portion necessarily out the 20 feet either because there might still be enough to you know from here to put the laundry room and whatever.\nParticipant 3: I mean and we would want a door to go to the back but you might fit the laundry room just on the end with the water heater and everything.\nParticipant 1: Yeah so for now I guess like he says I mean just building it out.\nParticipant 2: Do you have any budget in mind that you want to spend to Walk with you want us just to do a long shot or whatever?\nParticipant 1: Not really because we don't know like okay so us living in Texas is very different um like our house over there is like twice the size of our house and probably didn't even pay like what her house is supposedly worth right now here yeah so it's we're in that mindset of Florida is the hottest place in the United States so we at least I don't have one um in mind necessarily I don't have a budget per se but I am thinking like when the budget comes in does it make sense to do the expansion does it make sense to buy a new house right yeah I guess our mindset is that this portion enables us to actually move here yes and then this is enabled better life right the garage and everything so because again the thing is she doesn't she would like not to have to move I mean she's been yeah this area this is an area she's familiar I grew up in this area not in this house but I grew up in this area so for her this is what she knows and moving her to Texas is very new to her even though she visits but plus her medical is here and that's important to her I think that's the driving force why she wants to stay in the area yeah look Florida today is expensive so I I'm guessing assuming that it would be cheaper to do the renovation.

\nParticipant 2: But let's see.\nParticipant 1: Yeah. Yeah. And that's the thing. So, I mean, it has to be, obviously, you know, make sense. And that's why I was saying as far as like designs or whatever, I'm not, I don't know, I'm just thinking like walls and, you know, I don't think of any, I guess I don't think of any design in particular. I feel like paint and fixtures and cabinets can...\nParticipant 3: We don't want texture on the walls. Yeah, flat, flat, wide, nice.\nParticipant 1: Remember, the walls are weird in here. I know. Yeah, I get it. I'm just trying to get you to think about that. You have all the license right here?\nParticipant 2: License, insurance, everything.\nParticipant 1: Do you have cards with you?\nParticipant 4: Do I have cards? No. Corporation cards? No. Cards, cards.\nParticipant 2: because I would like to make reviews because I know this is not a cheap work and I have to make sure that this is 100% good quality yes you know all the perming and everything I'm so sorry no it's just that uh we have a lot of presence in the internet and that's why I'm so sorry and also no no there are people who don't have permission no don't worry about it we're gonna give you like at least three, two, three clients that we did work for them here in Miami and that they're going to tell you if they're happy or not.

 I think that they are very happy. And, but absolutely, you are absolutely correct. And you should check and you should, you know, do your due diligence and ask other clients. And I'm sure you guys can go online. We have a lot of presence and a lot of projects that we did.\nParticipant 1: There is a lot of a lot of photos and a lot of reviews from clients that we work with um but yes absolutely everything that you I'm so sorry for the question but for me it's extremely important there is no need to be sorry we we're working really to you know because of the permits I mean I'm sure like he said a lot of people around here might have stuff built very quickly but they're not going Through You know getting permits.

 So that's that's the delay on that house. They do that construction you see and oh, yeah But I don't have permission and the city come and he has to destroy everything and look for somebody who have license And they have to start doing again And many people do that without permission and the problem is when you're gonna sell this is the first one and the second one is because you want to make sure that the construction is correct because we have been in Europe 100% I'm doing it myself for over 30 and the companies exist many many years and we're doing a lot of work here in Florida we're doing a lot of work in New York we're doing a lot of stuff and We're very professional people that I trust a lot and you would see, I mean, they can show you the website and do you have Instagram?

\nParticipant 2: Yeah, she does. Yeah, you can see us on Instagram and YouTube and TikTok and wherever.\nParticipant 1: Social media.\nParticipant 2: Do you mind if I take a scan of the house from the inside? Yeah, go ahead. Yeah, that's fine.\n