The big thing was the roof because obviously we don't, we notice here in Florida they do a lot of flat roofs on when people do auditions.\nParticipant 1: We don't want that.\nParticipant 2: You want...\nParticipant 1: So if there's a way, it doesn't have to be pitched just quite like that one, but to have it somewhat pitched?\nParticipant 2: Yeah. No. So there's few ways to do it. Yes. They did it like as one, which is one way to do it. Like make it all together. Um, you know, the other way to do it is sometimes what people do, they do totally the different side, you know, and then they have like two different angles. Creativity, something like that. Some people do, like you said, flat and leave the rest.\nParticipant 1: Yes. So I'm sorry, do you guys want water?\nParticipant 2: No, no, no. So when you're going to sit with the team to plan it and design, they can give you like few ideas, you know, and you can pick your direction. If you prefer to make it as a one roof, play with the end I don't know what. Or you want to do a new roof or like just put a different direction.\nParticipant 1: You can do a few things. Well, I mean, I think it would, I'll be honest for me, I feel like whatever the cheapest way would be, that's just my opinion. I don't know. He might have a different one just because he likes to do the things like correct.\nParticipant 2: So to me, as long as it's just, no matter what, it's going to be correct and there will be a roof and it's going to function and everything is going to be okay.\nParticipant 3: My only concern, like especially with a flat roof, there's water pooling sometimes.\nParticipant 1: And then you have a problem if it, you know, because we were like, you know, we were looking at houses and you would see these massive stains on these flat roofs. And it was just scary because again, like eventually either that weighing it down or eventually, you know, all that condensation to stay in there and not going anywhere. Because it would leave stains. It wasn't just like, oh, okay, water, whatever.

 It was like actual circular stains. So you don't know if like the roof is just not even.\nParticipant 4: Cause like, for example, the house in the corner.\nParticipant 2: There is always steam. There is some water and everything to go to the gutters. Yeah. There is always steam and gutter. You know, even on that, I can see from here.\nParticipant 1: This one has that expansion and that might have a little bit of a, you see this, It's minimal.\nParticipant 1: But you can see even that, that there is something, like a little bit.\nParticipant 2: Me too, I'm not allowed to be in the sun.\nParticipant 1: So a fence would be something that we would want to put in as well. I don't know if that's going to be part of this phase, the initial phase, or if it would be a later phase?\nParticipant 2: Any design ideas that you have in mind, like you like modern, you like style from the 50s, you like from the 60s, you like Scandinavian?\nParticipant 1: Well, back here, I don't feel like, I don't, back here, I don't feel, I don't feel, you mean like in the outside or in the inside?\nParticipant 2: In the inside.\nParticipant 1: Oh, um, oh. Hard question. So I don't, if you're asking I don't like the sinks that are... You don't have a model...\nParticipant 1: No, no, we're just by purpose mentioning something that is...\nParticipant 2: No, but...\nParticipant 1: I mean, I don't...\nParticipant 2: Like what colors that you like, you would like to see or like...\nParticipant 1: Oh, I'm not worried about colors, because I can change them. She likes to change paint all the time, so...\nParticipant 2: But for example, the kitchen, white, plain white? No, no, no, yeah.\nParticipant 1: In the kitchen, this color, for example, if I didn't do it again, I mean, my kitchen in my house in Texas, my kitchen has white countertops with blue bottom cabinets and then white on the top, because blue is my favorite color, but I want it white because I feel... So, I don't know what she would... I mean, you saw hers is currently white with that, but I mean, I do want a... I don't want, you know, I do want a countertop like a granite or something.

\nParticipant 2: Yeah, pot, yeah, pot...\nParticipant 1: Okay, and the counter... She doesn't... Okay, so she doesn't want it.\nParticipant 2: doesn't like white counter.\nParticipant 1: The counter, just the counter. White is a good color. Yeah, so like a black and white kitchen would be fine.\nParticipant 2: Black and white kitchen sounds.\nParticipant 1: It's a great idea. A little bit black. Just tiny. It was just the countertops. The only reason of the white counter is because you can't. Yeah, I struggle with that one at home now with the white quartz but no so it'd be like black granite or like you know black whatever with the little dots for the countertop yes and then like white cabinets and then for example for the bathrooms uh vanities one sink so for our bathroom it would be two two sinks uh for hers one no one sink yeah but a good size one sink because a good size yeah good size white with enough space to store and to put things easily.

\nParticipant 2: Again, like whitish, white, browny, like woods.\nParticipant 1: I mean, I would want white because that's what we have now, right? You want white cabinets?\nParticipant 2: White.\nParticipant 4: For the vanity, like...\nParticipant 1: Oh, the vanity. So I would... I mean, that I'm not too... I guess white or beige.\nParticipant 2: White or beige? White with a little bit beige.\nParticipant 1: For her, I don't like that one. I'm talking about myself.\nParticipant 2: Yes, yes.\nParticipant 1: What do you think? I would say kind of like our bathroom. So our bathrooms right now have like wood cabinets. I would like wood cabinets too. Yeah, wood. And then the countertop. I wouldn't even care too much about that.