The only one inside would be that back that big one.\nParticipant 4: but you have more space though it's going to be here the majority and the kitchen um sorry and you don't want to expand this room in blue you don't want to expand it to the left no okay because I still wanted to have the rooms in case like family comes over that they still have a a place to like stay sorry this is and one more thing to recap since we're here are we like putting in the quote the flooring yes for throughout the whole We're going to put it in the quad and we will try to give them like to separate the kitchen and the rest.

\nParticipant 1: So then they can decide how they want to move forward. Because if it's not that much, if it's not like a ton more to just do it together.\nParticipant 2: By the way, the ties are good. I'm just saying from a professional point of view, nothing wrong about that. I'm not talking about aesthetic. No, no, no.\nParticipant 1: She's done a good job of keeping the house, but the house is still very doesn't like it doesn't like the only thing that's changed in this house aside from color is me and my husband mainly him um did it was the first time so do not judge please we added we changed this wall here it used to be mirrors but apparently there's an entryway right there which you guys would find um so yes this is our our nonexperienced you know self doing this so but when we took the mirrors off um because they were on the wall there was an opening and according to her is that this area used to be closed because it was a laundry room so that used to be so that's you know but it made it easier for you guys to open so since there's already an opening of sorts um so yeah so expanding the kitchen probably out to here I want to open concept but I still of course have to consult her um because you know it is still her house at the end of the day um so then the back um this would be gone of course yeah that's going to come that that balcony or terrace it's going to become a part of the house yes so now with the expansion I don't want the full area though to be you know her closet and her bathroom because we are what we want to do the second part is create a bathroom where the both bathrooms are kind of butting up against each other yeah jewel and julia um not sharing but I figured it's easier for like piping purposes and everything yes yes for the plumbing so not with the same no yes that back up to each other so yes yes so that it's easier so then that's what I was saying so the hallway I would say the hallway maybe the length of before the window a hallway then her you know her bedroom and her bathroom which would be a shower and you know toilet no bath no no tub no tub only shower yes because she's um she's handicapped so she can't do um a tub so yeah this thing would be completely down and that's why I was talking babe about putting but for us to have space you know expanding it to Maybe not the full length, but expanding it some so that we can try to fit a laundry room because this is mainly, I mean, all this stuff will be gone.

\nParticipant 2: Yeah. I mean, you can feel another room, another bedroom.\nParticipant 1: Yeah, no, but like over by the garage. So, so that basically cause this is going to become like a living space. This is supposed to be our bedroom as well. The space. So it's like with the connection of the kitchen, she doesn't want to step down.\nParticipant 2: We're going to Walk. That. When you're doing the foundation, everything will be level. It will be level to whatever you say. Higher, smaller, lower, whatever you want. It's for sure will be a little bit more higher for sure, because you need to put something, but this will be whatever you want.\nParticipant 1: Yeah, so no, I mean, yeah, because I'm very clumsy and especially at night I'm even clumsier, so I don't need, yeah, try to prevent dangerous stuff, but this lighting glass door would be gone. I don't know if there would be an opening because we do still need a transition.\nParticipant 2: I still need to understand something. Okay, sorry. I just want to do, I want to give you a good proposal.\nParticipant 1: Yes.\nParticipant 2: You're going to leave that space as the living room.\nParticipant 1: Yes.\nParticipant 2: Right. And the other space is whatever, family, dining, whatever you want to use it for. Here, we're going to create the master bedroom for your mother. Then the hallway, obviously. Then another bathroom.\nParticipant 1: Yes.\nParticipant 2: Then another room.\nParticipant 1: Yes. With a closet, of course.\nParticipant 2: With a closet, Walk-in closet, whatever. And then what?\nParticipant 1: Well, the space, that's what we're kind of trying to figure out.\nParticipant 2: Because you know, there is a space here for, like it's about three bedrooms easily. So maybe it's not necessary. Maybe you don't need such a big extension. So maybe.\nParticipant 1: We do want a good space. Laundry room. I will say that. We want a master bedroom for us.\nParticipant 3: This is where we're going to sleep and then we also want the whole Walk-in closet and a bathroom.\nParticipant 1: And a bathroom. A nice master bathroom. But I mean to me I'm saying like a laundry room if there's a way to fit it without expanding the the garage part all the way to the back and we don't have to do that then if this space can fit like the laundry room there maybe a sitting area for like to watch tv or something Um, we just What another space like an office? Oh cuz my husband works from home.