This is probably like a foot.\nParticipant 2: So you want to, I guess.\nParticipant 1: So like a foot and maybe like you said like three foot because if you can come in.\nParticipant 2: Yes.\nParticipant 1: Because I want to be able to put a dishwasher in here.\nParticipant 2: You want to keep it closed or you open it? No, I want to open.\nParticipant 1: So we, there's a picture that I found of an idea of how I want it because I think this is a load-bearing wall this corner so it basically the one I found and I could look for you like a star it would be a beam a beam yeah like a nice one yes and then this would be open and then it would be cabinets like I said from there so it would be cabinets all here and because this is being pushed out at least like three feet or so then it would you know allow for a dishwasher like a double sink some more cabinetry and when you want to redo the whole kitchen yeah because these are very old yes so everything brand new in the kitchen cabinet stone um tiles on the floors yes all the flooring we would have to do all the flooring yes or do you speak up in the kitchen you would have to do it we do want to do the flooring I just don't know if we do the entire flooring if it makes sense or to do it later to add it but I mean when you're ripping it up it might just make sense to do the entire floor, but this floor is throughout the entire house.

\nParticipant 3: Other than the bathroom, it's Through the entire house.\nParticipant 1: Yeah.\nParticipant 2: Okay. So it's the same floor.\nParticipant 1: Yes. All throughout.\nParticipant 2: So let's assume, let's assume that you want to do the whole house new floor.\nParticipant 1: Yeah.\nParticipant 2: What kind of floor you would do?\nParticipant 1: We would do tile. Same.\nParticipant 3: Not the same, but yeah, tile.\nParticipant 3: New one, new one, different style or something like that.\nParticipant 1: Yeah. So it would definitely be tile. Even though her house has she's been here since 1999 I think it has never floated but you just never know here of course no problem that's yes so then um did you want me to mention about or no not right now what this is a window sorry did you want to go over there okay so this is the room I'm I'm here to do whatever you want you want to expand so We want to expand it that way.

\nParticipant 2: And that's going to be like, like the 20 foot we said.\nParticipant 1: Well, that's including the bathroom and her Walk-in closet. So the idea I had was it would expand the room. And then right after that, like a little, you know, a small hallway for her to Walk. And it would be like closet right here and bathroom right there. Yes.\nParticipant 2: So you want like a hallway where in one side you have the bathroom and in the other side you have the, Next to each other, next to each other, like a hallway like this.\nParticipant 1: It doesn't have to be huge. Yes.\nParticipant 2: So we're talking about building a brand new bathroom.\nParticipant 1: Yes.\nParticipant 2: From scratch.\nParticipant 1: Yes.\nParticipant 3: Okay.\nParticipant 1: Well, yeah, I haven't gotten to that part yet. Okay.\nParticipant 2: We're going to get everything. I just want, I want good details so we can do good estimates and good process. Yeah. Yeah.\nParticipant 1: Um, did you know?\nParticipant 3: Um, not.\nParticipant 1: I would say not right away okay we'll leave that because we were we want to redo this too but that's eventually so then obviously I still want I don't know you might not agree I still want this room to be a room yeah that's fine so if this would not be touched it would just again it would be basically knocking that wall down not basically but you know what I mean um it would be knocking this wall down to expand you might have to close the window though but I don't know um yeah you might have The only thing also would be, babe, are you going to come in?

 I want to talk about this.\nParticipant 2: So you have here, this is the HVAC? Yeah. And you want to move it, I guess. Relocate it, yes. Relocate it.\nParticipant 1: I think it would be a good idea to relocate it.\nParticipant 2: Yeah, that's no big deal. If the duct is good, everything is good.\nParticipant 1: Yeah, because unless, if not, then closing this wall and putting a door over there so that we can get to the AC.\nParticipant 3: But the one question is going to be the roof.\nParticipant 2: We're going to create a very detailed proposal and then you can decide what you want to do, what you don't want to do, or what you want to do in phase one, what you want to do in phase two.\nParticipant 1: Yes, so we'd be expanding that like I said in like a hallway so I mean I do want to expand the room but then making a hallway where just her Walk-in closet would be right here and then you know which a nice size Walk-in closet and then a wall and then you go the door you go into the bathroom I don't know if you do a Walk-in closet here I didn't say here I'm saying as an example okay like in the expansion so so we're built this is going to be a master bathroom bedroom with a master bathroom like a Walk-in closet and a Walk-in closet yes I'm sorry I didn't mean literally this one and I mean an option would be to pull this out but then some way to get into you're gonna need to make an opening for an access panel and that's the thing yeah so I didn't know I didn't think this would be big enough to make it like maybe then I just don't know either the position of the way the unit is because I think the unit's facing that way because they always work on it that you know I think from in there.

\nParticipant 3: That's where they get access. Right.\nParticipant 2: This is where the air intake is. Right. Okay. Anything you want to do with that one?\nParticipant 1: No. Stay the same. No stay the same. This one's going to stay the same. Okay so.