So like if we can fit yeah, look it's about 20 On 50.

\nParticipant 2: Yeah, right Which is about like to be about a thousand, right?\nParticipant 1: Yeah, so you you can do a Small office would be nice you can do I mean I would but the inside or outside that's another thing yeah so I guess it would just be yeah I mean the biggest thing would be being able to get an idea um because again we don't know the space like you said when you're seeing the numbers it does sound very big but then once we start bringing stuff in then it might not be that big so for us drawing it out and trying to understand like what it looks like yeah is it's going to be the bigger it's been difficult I guess to picture it in your head like okay I have this room room, how big is that room?

\nParticipant 3: What does it really look like, And what is the master? How big is the master?\nParticipant 1: You're right.\nParticipant 3: Where do, where do the bathrooms fit? Do they fit at the end or do they fit like, you know what I mean?\nParticipant 1: A question too. Would it be better to have like her Walk-in closet than the bathroom or would it be better a bathroom and then the Walk-in closet, you know, just, and then thinking of the other space for us, like, okay, where.\nParticipant 4: Cause I'm assuming the bathrooms If you're running the plumbing lines, you'd want like both bathrooms adjacent to each other.\nParticipant 1: Maybe that might be better further out. But, um, yeah, so it's, it's been kind of hard, um, to, I mean, we, we drew it out, but we couldn't draw, we can't fully grasp the space.\nParticipant 2: Yeah. Look, this is, uh, what we're giving the whole service, everything, You're going to have interior designer, project manager, system project manager, people that will work with you Through everything, paperwork, permits, anything that is needed. The only thing that we are not doing is we are not architects and we're going to refer you to one that is a licensed architect and he's doing the drawing for Also, her big thing is, I guess, timelines.

\nParticipant 1: Something like that.\nParticipant 2: So, yes, so I think the biggest, the biggest, which city is this?\nParticipant 2: Miami Gardens.\nParticipant 1: The biggest thing is the city.\nParticipant 2: You know, planning, designing can take one month to a month and a half.\nParticipant 1: Okay.\nParticipant 2: Not more than that. But this is usually also the phase that depends on you. Right. How fast do you make decisions? How fast do you know what you want to do? Things like that. Some people take their time. It's okay. It's fine. It's about you. What do you want to do? Go ahead. No, no, no.\nParticipant 1: I was going to say there was one more thing, but I'll let you finish.\nParticipant 2: And then you submit everything to the city. Cities can take anywhere from six months to a year. It all depends on like... I will check later how does this specific city work. I will have more idea, but...\nParticipant 1: Because a lot of people have done expansions. I don't know how long it's taking, but like, for example, her neighbor has an expansion. I know he did an expansion. Well, he redid his old bath, but they did an expansion too.\nParticipant 2: And you know, if they did everything with permits and properly.\nParticipant 1: That's the big thing. Yeah. When they bought this, the expansion was already done. Oh, that one, I don't know if they have permits to do that. Oh, she didn't know they had permits.\nParticipant 2: We're doing only work with permits, organize, insurance. No, we don't do We don't do without or things like that. Construction itself, what do you think?\nParticipant 4: From the start, I would say demo, it would take between seven months to nine months from start to finish. That's including inspections, excavation.\nParticipant 3: So on that note, so as far as actual construction, because they're concerned about her being here. Yes. How much actual concern? Because if we're just waiting, there's no noise, there's nothing. So maybe that's OK.\nParticipant 2: But so you mean livable during construction? Yes. It's a good question. So we're going to try to when when we getting when we will get like the plans and start to get comments from the city and understanding the point perfectly. We will try to strategize that in a way that we're working, I would say, as much as we can from the outside and getting in as late as possible and interfering life as less as we can.

 So we will try to sequence everything to have like, let's say it would be seven months. We try to minimize the part where it's really annoying to two months. Something like that.\nParticipant 4: Exactly.\nParticipant 2: Month and a half. So, right, we're going to do maybe the kitchen last.\nParticipant 4: Demo in the kitchen or things that will interfere when you guys are living. Like we keep pushing till the end of it.\nParticipant 1: Okay.\nParticipant 4: So the sequence, we adapt the sequence, especially if someone is living in the house. Okay.\nParticipant 2: Maybe, you know, we'll see. I think also you know we're going to sit together all the time and think it's a it's It's a big lot, so you can throw a lot of people here, a lot of equipment. Maybe when we get closer, we're going to say, listen, we have a strategy. Five months, we're getting out of here. But we're going to make more mess. And then you will have to decide if you prefer that way or that way.

\nParticipant 1: So right now, we currently live in Texas.\nParticipant 2: Yeah, I mean, she would have to decide whoever. Exactly. Yeah. OK.\nParticipant 1: Are you guys thinking of putting a fence Yes, we would redo the fence as well. Um, there was one other thing that we wanted to talk about so we can go up this way.