0:00 - Participant 1
Okay, so the kitchen. We want to see if you guys can do something with this kitchen.

0:09 - Participant 2
We can do a lot with this kitchen.

0:11 - Participant 1
So that's what we were thinking.

0:14 - Participant 2
Oh, no, it's nice. I like it. I mean, this is nice.

0:21 - Participant 1
Yeah, it's cool, right? So this house was a 1938 historical home. It was built by Phineas E. Pace. He was known for all this Mediterranean, you know, architecture that you see, the high ceilings, the art deco, the floors, which they want to keep. But the bathrooms would be cool to get a redesign on that. You know, maybe keep this or change it. I don't know. Maybe change it all.

0:48 - Participant 2
I mean, you want now just an estimate or you want to do the job?

0:54 - Participant 1
No, I want the estimate.

0:55 - Participant 2
Yeah, and then someone will buy it. Right, and then we can say, hey, this is what it would cost if you wanted to get it. Yeah, I mean, so I think that what we're going to do right now is an estimate that assuming everything has been replaced. Yeah, right. And then if someone buys it and they like it.

1:14 - Participant 1
They can pick and choose what they want to do, like this.

1:16 - Participant 2
Yeah, if they like a faucet or they like a sink or like any elements that is. Right, because if they're going to and in one state, we can keep it. But I think for the purpose of what you are doing now, it's really...

1:31 - Participant 1
I would say definitely not, just keep this part, because this is, you can't redesign this, right? But from here back, this all can be redesigned, so you can literally...

1:40 - Participant 2
When you're saying, you want to keep the floor, right?

1:44 - Participant 1
Yeah, because this is all part of the natural way. It's beautiful, but if they want to... I agree. But you know what? If you want to put an estimate, fine. But from here, going back, they can destroy, build two floors. They could do a master in the back that make it more like a master. This would be the sitting room. That bath is actually a full bath, so that could be expanded where you, there's an extra space even over there. It's like, it's so weird, right? Like the way it is, it almost needs to be more functioning, right? The door pulling in to place isn't good, but there's a space here that could be used for the bathroom. Or you can put the bathroom here, put the laundry there, and then make this into, you know, expand this into actual living space because there's an extra six feet ahead. Very nice. Yeah, it's cool. So what do you guys need from us?

2:49 - Participant 2
Not much, I got the picture you want.

2:52 - Participant 1
I have the floor plan, everything's online.

2:55 - Participant 2
I'm going to do the floor plans in a minute. I have it, I have the floor plan, it's online.

3:00 - Participant 1
I did the matric order, I did the space, so you have that as well.

3:05 - Participant 2
And the question is, you want an estimate with the new build or just like a renovation?

3:14 - Participant 1
I don't know, we could do both. I don't know what's... Because it's whoever wants to do it, right?

3:20 - Participant 2
Just hand it to them. This is the garage, right? The garage.

3:32 - Participant 1
You know, maybe even with a pull, it costs.

3:35 - Participant 2
Yeah, you can do that.

3:38 - Participant 1
And maybe keep that tree there. Yeah, because you can dispatch all the way in the back, and you can do a drive-by.

3:48 - Participant 2
I would definitely leave the tree.

3:52 - Participant 1
It's a nice tree.

4:01 - Participant 2
Okay, let me do my thing. And then, and then I want to... Yeah, yeah, and I will also get, you will email me also whatever you have and I think we can go from there.