5970 Indian Creek Drive Apartment 403 - Mar 13
Fri, Mar 13, 2026

0:00 - Participant 2
You have a gym here in the building?

0:02 - Participant 1
Okay, perfect. Okay, right, so the layout is basically the same as 504. 504 you actually are gonna do work on. It's just flipped 90 degrees, well, 180 degrees.

0:14 - Unidentified Speaker
So along the axis.

0:16 - Unidentified Speaker
So three bathrooms, kitchen, three bedrooms.

0:19 - Participant 1
My wife is using this as an office right now, this main floor. And basically it's more or less a full gut job. So you wanna rip all the bathrooms out, want to rip the kitchen out, want to rip the floors out, replace the floor with a high-end laminate, so similar but really a little higher end than this, new baseboards but similar to this, new door frames, new doors all around. So that's the general stuff. So let's go here in the master or primary bedroom. We would like to have additional lighting, so right now we only have this. I would like to have another strip similar to this along here.

1:03 - Participant 3
So like a soffit with lights, same thing? Yeah, same thing, basically just down here.

1:10 - Participant 1
That's the only change in here.

1:12 - Participant 3
And the floor?

1:12 - Participant 1
And the floor, like I said floor throughout. New doors here, don't really know what type of doors yet, but definitely new doors here as well.

1:21 - Participant 3
Doors for the closets.

1:24 - Participant 1
Then, master bathroom. Again, total rip out. Shower here. So no more bathtub, no more bubble crap. Linen closet here. Get rid of the bidet. This is actually similar to what you're doing in the other one. Get rid of the bidet. You came to the other one? I happen to know what they do. I know them, so. But how did you get to us? Because I know that you're doing the other one.

1:55 - Participant 3
Oh, so you know Jake and Michelle? Jake and Michelle? The Katsas?

2:03 - Participant 1
They just bought and I happen to be on the board.

2:08 - Participant 3
Oh, so you're the one who just approved the... I did.

2:15 - Participant 1
This is a... And that's how I know. This should be a Japanese toilet, a total toilet, so I need an electric outlet here.

2:26 - Participant 3
But we're keeping it in an existing location.

2:28 - Participant 1
Existing location. This, get rid of Put a closet in here as well. This obviously also get rid of, but in the same location, new double sinks. Now you guys do everything, right? You don't just are the general contractor, but you have people who do your vanity work and the kitchen cabinets and all of that as well, don't you?

2:54 - Participant 3
We work with a lot of men workers that they like fabricate.

2:57 - Participant 1
So in the estimate give me a middle-of-the-road kind of allowance for this kind of stuff. Here you're replacing the tile? Replacing the tile as well and yeah shower, glass door, possibly frameless, obviously new appliance and then I probably want... New fixtures. New fixtures, that's what I'm looking for, thank you.

3:23 - Participant 2
We're just using AI and it's not gonna, it's gonna put a refrigerator.

3:29 - Unidentified Speaker
Could come in handy.

3:31 - Unidentified Speaker
Depends on the length of showers.

3:35 - Participant 1
Ideally we would like to have one big slab of quartz or some other material, you know, one, one, so we have no seams whatsoever except for in the corner. Possibly if that's not possible or if you think we like a real and tile better Then definitely it's gonna be really large tiles, you know, so just minimize ground lines.

3:56 - Participant 3
Okay, and here we're removing the Existing shower and putting a linen closet correct Floors, what what do you want floors gonna be tile floors?

4:05 - Participant 1
Okay So Oh, one more thing. If possible, I would love this to be a pocket door.

4:19 - Participant 3
So a pocket door for the master bathroom.

4:26 - Participant 2
It's possible.

4:27 - Participant 3
We have to check the plumbing behind this to see.

4:30 - Participant 1
I don't think there's any plumbing here as far as I know. You obviously have the outlet here, which is probably going to have to move a little. Yeah, I know.

4:39 - Participant 3
We're going to have to do like some probes to see what's behind. And for the closet?

4:43 - Participant 1
This basically stays the same, but the flooring goes in here as well, obviously.

4:49 - Participant 3
Are you guys going to be living here during construction?

4:51 - Participant 1
No, we're going to take everything out. So you're going to get a clean slate. There's basically nothing to be done in there except for the floors. Everything else is done.

5:03 - Participant 3
So the bathroom in this room stays... There is no bathroom there.

5:06 - Participant 1
There is just the bathroom for this floor is basically this here. So in here the same. New vanity, new sink, new fixtures. Copilot stays the same. This is fine. But I do want to have an outlet here just in case in the future I want to put a Japanese toilet in that I don't have to...

5:31 - Participant 3
So we added an outlet to the second bathroom. But keeping the existing toilet as is.

5:39 - Participant 1
Nothing to be done to the floors? No, floor completely the same tile as in the primary bathroom, 16-inch. The top goes and instead there should be a shower again with a glass door, frameless.