And again, same type of tiling in the back, either big slabs, three big slabs or very large tiles.

6:03 - Participant 3
And a new vanity.

6:04 - Participant 3
New vanity.

6:06 - Participant 1
blue camera medicine cabinet right okay and the door so you want pocket doors I want to have a pocket door for this one as well okay I mean you know we can yeah worst case scenario you have to add a little I got it you can add a little bit over here if there is yeah like close the wall and just like include the frame wall like I've done these things before in my home in Minneapolis, so I know what it's going to look like, All right, let's just do all the bedrooms first. So this is the third bedroom. New flooring. New doors on this closet.

6:54 - Participant 3
Same sliding door?

6:56 - Participant 1
Probably the same sliding door, yeah. Not 100% sure yet. New light over there. The same thing that's l-shaped so the same kind of thing over there so recessed light the same thing a soffit with four lights correct and uh this is one and a half two inches something like that and no floor like I said um this has to stay at war obviously to this due to this so this is just a new door but then here keep the toilet but if possible and I think it's possible move the toilet at least a couple of inches I think a couple of inches is possible because if possible I want to get rid of this to put two sinks in here the only thing if the existing drain is here it would be we'd have to check but like relocating the drain especially for all the line of the yes so uh but your idea is to you want to shift the toilet to move it a little bit to the right and make it double sink, double vanity. That's the ideal idea, obviously get rid of this. And get rid of this, yeah. This will stay a tub, but I want a new tub. And then I want tile behind it obviously. This can stay a shower curtain, this is fine. So new tub, new, will again most likely slab around or a large tile around new fixtures. And then finally, kitchen. Here are the whole kitchen. For now, consider the same layout. You may want to think about it a little bit, but the same layout in general, just for pricing sake. I would like to get rid as much as possible of the soffit. And now this may not be possible here due to the HVAC portion. This goes in here, it goes out, but I'm fairly sure there's a lot of space in here. So at the minimum we need to explore to get this as high as possible. You want to get the cabinets. I want to get the cabinets, the new cabinets as high as possible and as tall as possible, you know, if I can get them taller than this.

9:22 - Participant 3
And you said we're removing all existing cabinetry? Keeping existing layout as is?

9:31 - Participant 1
For now as is, but maximize the space. You know, I think this is lost. I mean, it would be nice to have a spice drawer or something in here. Down here. I mean, since you are talking about cabinets, it would be nice to have kick, kick plated drawers. You know, down here. Again, lost space. That's the basic idea.

9:52 - Participant 3
And again, we're going to explore the options of eliminating the soffit or checking... As much as possible eliminated, yeah.

10:00 - Participant 1
So I can get the cabinets as tall as I can.

10:06 - Participant 2
You want to turn this also into a cabinet?

10:09 - Participant 1
Yeah, maybe this will be a cabinet, so I'm just going to do shelving. I had the idea of making this coffee station, but I don't have a whole lot of space behind this. It's probably worth exploring once we tear everything down, put some holes in it. It's either a round pillar, you know, one of the...

10:31 - Participant 3
Like a round column.

10:32 - Participant 1
Yeah, a round column, but the column definitely has right now, what do you call it, like basically scaffolding or whatever around it, you know, to obviously put the drywall on. That's metal.

10:46 - Unidentified Speaker
Metal framing.

10:49 - Unidentified Speaker
I looked at that because it was behind these switches.

10:52 - Unidentified Speaker
I looked behind the switches before.

10:55 - Participant 3
And for this? This probably has to stay.

10:59 - Participant 1
This has to stay probably. Lights, yeah. Leave it as is for now. I'm fine with this. I may put another fixture in it. Here, I need more light. And again, either We do similar to what in the bedroom is, maybe one here and possibly one down the middle or some other solution that you can think of, but I need more light in here.

11:24 - Participant 3
J-box in the middle? Like a J-box where you can hang a chandelier or something?

11:28 - Participant 1
No, I don't want to hang a chandelier or anything.

11:32 - Participant 2
You want to add spots in the middle.

11:34 - Participant 1
Obviously, I don't want to lose... I mean, this is concrete, so you have to build it out, but as little as you can build it out, obviously.

11:41 - Participant 2
Painting the whole apartment. Painting everything. Painting everything, yeah. The texture in the ceiling. The texture in the ceiling stay.

11:51 - Participant 2
The texture, the finish.

11:53 - Participant 1
Oh, we'll leave that. We'll leave that. Thank you, the texture. Sorry about that. All right. Finally, I have two spotlights here, which are really doable. I want to keep this, but I'm going to take the chandelier, I'm going to take this off. And if somebody wants that in the future, that's fine. I'm just going to cap this, but I want to keep the option. But I want to have at least four spots here.

12:16 - Participant 3
So add four spot lights.

12:18 - Participant 1
That should be fairly easy because this is all hollow.

12:25 - Participant 3
Pretty straightforward.

12:27 - Participant 2
I hope.

12:28 - Participant 1
I know what it should look like, Do you have like design inspirations, like We have a little bit of a design inspiration. We had a couple of design boards that we made up.