Like, she doesn't work in New York, but in Florida, she's been really these
things where this is like, apparently it's like LED backlit and then there's like a wallpaper
or like some kind of like, like movie screen paper or whatever you want to call it. I don't
like this style. I think it's ugly way too busy, but I don't know if they can give like an idea
for here, maybe on this wall. Yeah, look, I think this is naturally a feature wall. Yeah,
definitely. Like there's no, because you entry the apartment, this, I want this to be like a
like that and get rid of this, you know, furniture and like put something nicer for the
basketballs and so Crazy as you could try and put it. Oh, excuse me, let' I think you. I
think it might be. I don't think this is like a weight bearing column. No, it's not. You're
gonna have some plumb in there for the drain lines with the kitchen. I'angular. enRrely.
No, I wouldn't. I don't know, I think, like, this is such a, we have an amazing light in here,
and I think well, this is a dark wall. No. It's gonna be a feature wall of summer god but. I
think you could do something fun in here. Have you doing something some glass bricks
or I don't know. Yes, thank you vin, yeah.C everywhere else is just kind of like preMy like
I would be honest with you, you're like the third person to today I'm meeRng with.
Trying to move this project along and kind of make a decision. I feel like the first couple
of people were like, oh, yeah, we can. What color? And I was like, like, you could do so
much. Exactly. Like, it's just like, I could paint it. It's what it looks like now. Get crazy. It
can you a lot more. Yeah. I'm looking for creat. Yeah, for sure.. Because, look, you know,
um a space like this, if you put the wrong doll in here in the wrong finish it in here, like,
you're not kind of drawing to work. like, this is stunning man. Stunning. I think it color
here are not doing adjusRce theming place.. I agree. But with some good colors and
maybe some funky, like liMle, yeah, liMle quirky things, like, I don't know about that
triangle mirror thing, but like something, at least that was like original. Yeah. It's
something different, yeah. So, I don't know.. Okay. It's gonna be fun. Yeah, exactly. And
then in here, like, anything in the entry? Unless you have. I think this wall could be like a
nice. Yeah. This is my cheap. What about, this is. This is squasher dryer. This is washer
dryer here. Squ dryer. And then this is a giant closet. You can this kind of entry you
went. Yeah, just. Okay. Yeah, well, then.. I mean, someRmes, like, like a built in bench
seat is nice. Bish? Yeah, like this, but even built build nicer, yeah. But, like, this is totally
something we can wash. Sure. Yeah. Yeah, it's not bad built into. Like a built manion
built for the wall. This place's just like, kind of built in with, like, maybe a liMle counter
where you can put, you know, your keys in your wallet and like hang something up with.
Just because this is, again it's part of wide space here. Yeah, a lot of people, like, like you
did yourself, like, put their shoes here, but definitely, if you have like a counter space, I
could leave my keys there, that's actually a great idea. Yeah. My wallet. Exactly.. I have a
liMle one in my apartment, and Yeah, it's so helpful. Yeah, exactly. It's very, yeah. I
mean, I put stuff on this page. Yeah, I like. It's like you walk in, you throw your stuff
down, you on. Exactly.. All right. Cool.. So then let's see it's two bedrooms, two bath.
Yep. small. I actually really like what she did here, but I. Okay. Is this This is the small
one. Yes. Actually, before I like, kind of, I'm curious to see what you would do here. Uh
huh. I'm trying to step So, I mean, look, well, the general goal was, like, replace the
thing, right? PreMy much. Yeah. I mean, definitely one of the recess medicine cabinet, I
think. Yes. Sure. Yeah, at all costs? Yeah. I don't know if we can do it.. Oh, no, that's just
a plan. No, it's worth. Oh, okay. There might be an opportunity to do a wallhung toilet,
which I think are really nice. A wet toilet? Like a w hung toilet?'t that. So, some toilets
are like mounted off the wall. Okay. They don't have like the base and the space, so
there's the tanks just like floaRng. Exactly. It's tankless, and, you're really. Can you do
like a smart toilet or something? Sure. Okay, yeah, yeah. Okay... This, I mean, this toilet
specifically is very all big and wide, so, like, at the minimum, we use one smaller toilet.
The hanging thing is a good idea. I like that, actually. They're really, like, it's a nice, like,
it's a liMle bit more expensive, but the toilet in itself is not the unit's not too expensive.
It's a bit more lab to install it. It's the lab. Okay. Okay. And we might need to like frame
the wool out a couple inches, but this is a bigger Yeah, you're not going to noRce it?
Yeah. Okay. But I just like, it simplifies it, and like, I think this you kind of use as like a
powder groupb as well, you guess again, right? You aren' staying? Yeah. So I would
maybe that and possibly a wall advant too.. Yeah, okay. Awesome. Yeah, so I'll show you
what she did. I kind of like what she did. it's not wall hung, but what I like is that she
made this whole thing a mirror. This is not recessed, I definitely like recess. She knew
she's not from New York, so I don't makes she understands like space, like how valuable
it is. So I can feel in a small space. Yeah, exactly. living in a small space that's tough. But I
do like the green textured quote wall. I think this is probably too busy to be honest with
you, but everything else, I think, is, like what you're saying, I don't know what the
hanging the enRty would look like, but I'm open to it. I think that's a good idea. It's
funny. I think this looks really good? Yeah, I like this? Sure. The prot't really in the
kitchen. Yeah. They also did a b when they did daily cool, like, green b. Yeah. Well, I was
thinking of olive green.