Is it? Okay, yeah. So maybe, I don't
know if you recommend quartz or Ox or marble or something. Quartz is usually good,
but. The thing about quartz is, when it came out 15 20 years ago, when it was a liMle bit
more popular, it was really cheap. Okay. And all of those products now that have been
sold in the original rounds, exactly like this. Yeah. discoloring, you can't keep them clean
no maMer what. your friends. So you replace them with a different force? Exactly. D.
Yeah. Okay, that's.. I'll. Here I was this is the only life I have, and it's back in the Ezer, not
that, and they are insanely hot. Oh, really? Yeah, and they're on the way too, I think. I
was thinking of maybe just doing like a wall unit kind of thing. don't, like an
entertainment unit kind of thing. And then maybe here instead of having this, like bar
bar, that maybe. This is an AC event, so, like, I do need to place the filter every once in a
while. So maybe if you kind of have it out like this, and like, kind of access for behind the
bar here, you kind of have like a glass display case with like the bonds and everything,
instead of like this thing. I thought that would be kind of cool, I think it looks great. Yeah.
Look, this wall. I think it is, like, it's like, it's tough with the built in with the built in units.
SomeRmes I, like, don't recommend them because in some cases they're it. This wall
specifically, I think, like, especially, it makes some sense to do something like that.. I
don't think it's a anyone, if I else. No, so. So, yeah, I'm good with that. For the lighRng, I
think we do this is simple high hats, we can do LED lights, we can do like a design thing. I
don't know what. There's also my dad, my dad pops this stuff. when he design, like, like
he owns it insane amount of properRes.. In? In Florida mostly, but yeah, he's got. So he
actually tends to be a couple of years just like to give it a liMle bit more style of flavor.
What is it? Just something simple like that, like, you could do that or you could do that.
Okay. that kind of, yeah, I think I'll give it a liMle flavor and then maybe just some high
hats or something or whatever you think about. I agree. I think you do we grow up
sailing you definitely want to like, uRlize the new space to put as many high hes in. Okay.
And then if you want to do a feature lighRng, you want to do in the middle. Exactly. If
you think about feature lighRng is you like it, if someone else comes in, they don't like it,
they can just swap it out, you know? But so the labor cost is primarily associated with
dropping the. dropping as opposed to like the iPads. Exactly. That's. And then we have
the sprinklers here, so long as it's not drop. Cool, cool. What else? Oh, yeah, space here
is like breakfast area or whatever, like, by all my purchures from like college.s never
bothere. Hey, that sound good? I know, I'm like, whatever. Repace someone when the
Rme's right. Exactly, now I think that Rme is well past due, but I was thinking of
replacing this and kind of doing something nic here with the breakfast area. Maybe, like,
would you recommend gecng another circle table or a table table? What do we have
Honestly.. You want to get your belts on here? PotenRally. Okay. I don't I really Yeah,
well, we don't have we don't have to, but, like, I don't know, if you want a liMle more
space in here and like, yeah, beMer uRlize this space, a liMle bank built in nice. A liMle
water. Like a built in seat..ures. I like a liMle bench that's built in becauseause you have
like naturally a nice liMle look in here. Yeah. Which clearly you're using.. Sure. But I think,
like, that nook in this space, as with this nook, like, you? Yeah. So you guys use? Okay.
But I think even the longer, like the longer, like center table, I think could be nice
Yeah,ctangular. Exactly. Metangular. not quite as wide. Not close as wide, I think is not,
but. Also, like, this space here is not being. Like, if you have a rectangle, you can
probably get four people to sit as opposed to like two. Exactly.. Throwing on the end as
well. Yeah.. Exactly.. Cool. All right. I wonder if you could do something like.. see the
other thought has disRn you beauRful, but like, he put a mirror here, he kind of makes
the apartment look bigger, perhaps. Yeah, I mean, mir is Honestly, mir is a really, cheap
way through. Yeah, so I did the middle of the space. So this, friend of ours.. Yeah, mirror
thing, which I imagine it is not cheap. Mirror's are not very expensive. Oh, really? Even
custom mirrors and notex expensive. So, yeah, so she kind of like, I think she'd
overcrowded this space. Yeah, yeah. Maybe with a couch, but like, like her styles is a
liMle clock paper. She has some interesRng ideas. So, like, I don't know if we want to do
a mirror there. I think for this space here, she also actually put, like, like a square exact.
The blue things kind of ugly, I think. I don't.. But yeah, it was just. Yeah. I like that. But
look, I think it's, like, definitely bracking this here is a good idea. What's going lighter..
Okay. It's gonna make it a really. And what color would you go with, like, the walls? I
mean, a lot of people now are, like, just light them on you. Okay. Okay. I have a part of it
that I'm going to send you similar to that one that you just sent over now. Okay. kind of
wooden tongues, natural kitchen. Sure. Yeah, yeah. That'd be cool. Again, I think.. It's
maybe a liMle bit more reveealing and you know, but we can't, but I guess, obviously tell
that to you. youher? Yeah... Okay.. Let's see. You've been thinking about this for a while,
eh? I've been been since, I've been since I've been thinking about seriously, probably
two weeks ago. Oh, okay. sorry. So then, okay, so entrance in walls. It's right here, I
think, could be like a feature wall, that's VeneRan texture, or like, She had some weird
technology.