Just replace the
doors and trims and this too, I think we can like, they're 20 years old.. Yeah, if you can
make it look nice I like that you're, like, detail oriented. The other people that came in
were kind of okay or whatever. So I like that you're, like, him out everything. Yeah, yeah,
yeah. Well, I mean, look, the reality is, like, you kind of read, you're redoing the whole
space, you keeping your footprint. Yeah. But But these liMle addiRonal things, that's
what I'm saying, like, maybe do the baseball and maybe the doors because you're
invesRng in this as an enRre full go renovaRon. Yeah, basically. Exactly. And then when
you go to Stan, it gets. Exactly, yeah. And no, but it really does. Because when someone
comes in here and they say, wow, look at this, we have all these beauRful new old and
recessed light and we have flooring, exactly. We have beauRful bathrooms, and then
they got aH. InteresRng. The baseballs look like they're 20 20 years old. They are.. You
know, Those liMle things catch people's eyes.. Okay. And it's just those liMle details that
share that maMer about.. Look, I've been doing this for 20 years since I was. Oh, really?
16 years old. No way. Yeah, yeah.. 10 years in the and ten years in New York. Oh, you.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm I'm sorry. I didn't get your name.. Zach! Z. Yeah, yeah, no, no
worries. Okay.. How long you been in New York? PreMy much the whole. I assuming you
know? I had like started and then moved here when I was like two years old. To New
York? Yeah, to New York. My parents were like, my dad is a doctor, so he's doing
medical. Oh, wow. everything here. And then we moved to Florida when I was in the
third grade. Okay. So I've been to Florida unRl I started. I went to college here. Oh, cool
Ever since I lived in the Northeast.. unRl about like 15 years of childhood, I wasn't here.
Okay, okay. 10 years of childhood. Yeah. me for a while. Yeah, I mean, I guess I'm kind
of, I don't know, I'm Florida. Yeah. I spend a lot of Rme in Florida. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, we
we have a branch in Miami, too. Oh, do you? Yeah, yeah, yeah. There's so many New
Yorkers in Miami and vice versa, so it, like, it kind of works out. It's kind of like you only
like a Ca city. It really is. It's the Sixth borough, I would say, and there's like a million
flights. Yeah, yeah. There's a point, like the last couple years I've been finishing my
medical training and so, I'm just been going back and forth and Florida in New York.
There isn's good. Okay, yeah. Yeah, cool. Yeah. All right. So more details,. What are you
thinking about these closets? You want to redo the doors? What do you think? You
mean the mirrorridors? The doors. Okay. You like that? Well, I think they're fine. Yeah..
You like these? No, no, no. I think the mirror, like, makes it look bigger than it really is.
Mm. But. Yeah, that's fine. Cool. Yeah, I think you're. Yeah. Um. So then we got to This is
the master. So, yeah.. What's that? Do you like the chub in here? You were gonna
convert a standing shower? Maybe. My My mom said the exact same thing. Oh, yeah.
I'm open to it. If it's not too complicated. No, put a tub in the other one. Uh. If you want
holy keeping with both without. I's say both without, because then that's one more
thing to do that's like more money and that's being spent on something like, I never use
that shower so I think we could rip this to a standing. Okay. If you want, I mean the
reason I said possibly keep pucng it over there, there's no one there right now. Okay.
It's good for resale. Is it? Family's lifetubs for kids? Okay, so like any two bedroom, two
bathrooms it's usually, like folks on the top. Yeah, I mean, like, I guess it bails the case,
then, like, I'm kind of cool we keeping this.? Because otherwise you're just, like,
spending money on, like, like, swapping out. But yeah, no, I mean, if I had a design
correctly, I would probably put the shot right there, I' be there. Yeah. I mean, for what
it's worth it't? It's a huge addiRonal cost. It's not. It's do with this. It's like, uh.. Does it
become a plumbing thing and then you a permit and all that stuff? We have to get a
bman anyway. We have to get a minonents for this Okay, like basically, we just need to
tell that we're doing plumbing war. How much would you say it would cost to convert in
Venice to a shower. It's like,500 bucks. That's it? Yeah. Okay. So it's not like a future
just.. Okay. I thought it was the only. No, no, no, sorry. Yeah, then for $500, sheriff. The
thing is, if you make this a standing shower, then you have to match these Rles. And I do
like these Rles. You like these Rles. Okay, I think so. I mean, Well, then I guess maybe I
jumped the gun a liMle bit. What is the goal in this spot? So one thing was the standing
shower, especially, depending on how difficult that is to be.. Definitely these black walls
are like, I don't know what this shower is.. Yeah, and it's just like, it makes the room look
so small, but the vanity, this thing, like, you can't get this out and the sink and see that'
cr in the. So, I just don't like this design and all this vanity, this bare.. so just I'll cut that
out. Same thing. I like your idea of the toilet, the hanging toilet. Yeah, the smart toilet. I
don't know what else you can do a bathroom. I guess you could put the light here. It's.
This is fully lit, like you like. It's not that bright.. So I think maybe, like, another high at
thing. line, yeah. And diesel... Kind of like what we talked about in the other room. Yeah.
Maybe you could do, like, a nice texture or something or whatever. We have a. Pizza
wall, maybe? Sort of, yeah. It's not crazy. But honestly, like, change that's. Yeah. Maybe
it's worth doing another wall-to-all mirror in here. Actually, yes. I haven'Mo wall. It's
really nice. All the way here, you mean? Like, from wall to wall here. Yeah. I have two,
like, integrated mirrors of medicine cabinets.