But I don't know. I see wires coming out of here. I don't know.\nParticipant 1: So you want to demo it? You want to get rid of it?\nParticipant 2: I want ideas. Like, what should I do? Because I love having storage. So I don't know if the fact that we have that closet, if it's necessary. Or if we can do it differently.\nParticipant 1: Who is Maya?\nParticipant 2: The child.\nParticipant 1: Amazing name. My daughter is also Maya. I just spoke to her. She's in the safari in Ramat Gan.\nParticipant 2: Oh, wow. You live here or in Israel?\nParticipant 1: I live here. My daughter went to Israel with Garim Tzabar, you know?\nParticipant 3: Oh, of course.\nParticipant 2: I just came back from Tzofim.\nParticipant 3: She's leading the Tzofim.\nParticipant 1: Yeah, so she... But she's in Tzofim, too? She was in Tzofim, then Garim Tzabar, then went, now she's in Israel. Finishing the army, and what she wanted for her finish is to go to the safari with all her units.\nParticipant 2: Aww, that's awesome.\nParticipant 1: So they went to the safari. What's the theme what's he in?\nParticipant 2: What's the theme what's he in? In New York. No, Tapuach. Tapuach, I just met, I just came back.\nParticipant 3: So I showed him here the fifth room we want to have with some kind of an open.\nParticipant 2: So what I was thinking, because the only, we only need it for that comes for like two weeks a year. I was thinking actually closing just this side and because I want the light to come in I was thinking of keeping it a bit open most of the time and then I see like also there's sliding door, accordion door, shaker, like this light emits out. And also it can become like dark, how do you say that?\nParticipant 1: Oh yeah, listen, we did something phenomenal to clients in New York, exactly same situation, good friends, they are from India, they also have the parent, the father come once every two years for two weeks, so we did like a very nice sliding door and the other nice thing that they did, I don't want to know, I don't know if you want to get into that because it's a little bit more expensive. They did a bed, a beautiful bed that comes out of there.

\nParticipant 2: I love that.\nParticipant 1: Like a Murphy bed. Murphy bed. I hate that. And then when he's not there, it's just closed. It's better if they pull the couch. And then they use this space.\nParticipant 4: And it could be like you space for kids to play in this room when they're not here.\nParticipant 1: And then you might consider, I know you want the TV on that wall.\nParticipant 2: I mean, give us an idea. We don't want anything. We want ideas.\nParticipant 1: Yeah, okay, so you might consider to do it the other way around meaning Maybe do the wall here and the sliding accordion that way and the reason I wanted Because of the light coming from there. Yeah when you enter like having that light coming I agree with you I will say Depends on what you need the use of the space. They're really using the space as part of their living room, whenever he's not there, blah, blah, blah.

 Once a year, he comes, you know, they cloth, they do the Murphy.\nParticipant 3: Regarding the floor, you said you wanted something specific.\nParticipant 2: Yeah, I wanted to look, did you send like references of the things that I, so it's more, I don't even know what kind of things you would like to use.\nParticipant 1: You want stone, I guess.\nParticipant 2: And we want it like, I would want, I would not like, not to have even like lines, but I don't know if that's practical. So maybe big tiles.\nParticipant 4: The grout, like you can, even when you're getting the stone, you can match the color of the grout to be very close.\nParticipant 2: As if it was a whole big space.\nParticipant 4: But you'll always see the lines also, like with the grout.\nParticipant 2: Bigger tiles even. So this is, I don't know, I put a lot of things here for vibes. What am I going to find? Did you say tell them also about the stairs? I would like them to be a little on the curb. We're not there yet. We're not there yet. Maybe I have something that says floor. This is when we wanted wood, right?\nParticipant 3: So do you guys do also like interior design?\nParticipant 1: Yeah, so the way we work, we have Every project is getting an interior designer, a project manager, a system project manager. The only thing that we're not doing is the architect role, but we're going to get you someone that we think Ryan is working with him. I think he's very happy. Very fast, because you need just to submit to the city, submit to the buildings, all of those things. Perfect guy. Expensive, few thousand dollars, no big deal.

\nParticipant 4: I see, like a big tile.\nParticipant 2: To be a clean...\nParticipant 1: I'm not sure it's a tile, I think maybe it's an epoxy. One-shot epoxy.\nParticipant 2: This is the vibe that we wanted the whole house to look like,\nParticipant 1: Clean, obviously we will add... Can you send it? Yeah, absolutely.\nParticipant 2: I'll take screenshots and then... Very clean. And then the stairs, I don't know practically how we can do it. Not like that, but like round more to make it more like a...\nParticipant 1: Okay, so first of all, you know what you want.\nParticipant 2: I know, yeah. Pretty much, like I have the idea. I want it to look like clean.\nParticipant 1: This is a little bit desert-y. A little bit desert feeling, desert look. Yeah, look, it can look very well with the environment. You have so much from the outside. So this is not a, it's not ties. It's a, it's a material that they were just pouring. There is a lot of materials that you can pour today.