Participant 1: I'm going to speak English because I don't know you. And I'm recording the call. Not recording, transcripting, so we can remember everything. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you.\nParticipant 4: Nice to meet you.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Nice to meet you.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: Please come in.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: My wife will be calling in less than a second.\nParticipant 1: All good, all good. Hi, hi. Wow, wow, wow.\nParticipant 3: It has a second floor. So you want me to go over what in general we want to do?\nParticipant 1: Not in general, in detail.\nParticipant 3: Okay, as much as we can. We're still in the conceptual...\nParticipant 1: Yeah, but let's go into details of what you want to do, what you have in your head now, right? We're going to work with that, create a proposal, estimate, mood board, all kinds of stuff. And then it will also help you to start, you know what I mean?\nParticipant 3: Okay, sounds good. So, she wants to replace the floor. Into different type of tiles.\nParticipant 1: You want to stay with tiles and you want to replace the whole apartment. And you want to stay with big tiles?\nParticipant 3: I think like large squares. 48 by 48?\nParticipant 1: Even larger than this. Larger than this.\nParticipant 3: That's what you want. But she'll come and she'll give her input in a second. We're thinking about creating a fifth room here.\nParticipant 1: So fifth room.\nParticipant 3: And maybe have here some element that is open, like some kind of a sliding door or something.\nParticipant 1: A sliding door, accordion door, something like that, yes.\nParticipant 3: Yes, we're thinking about, if possible, and I've heard from a different neighbor, to go a little bit higher here.\nParticipant 1: This is systems, so. Yeah, but it has, you know, sprinklers and all that stuff.\nParticipant 3: I don't know how high can we go.\nParticipant 1: OK, we're going to go.\nParticipant 4: Usually these soffits have mechanical rules and stuff like this running.\nParticipant 1: Yeah, there is a duct for all of them.\nParticipant 3: This one. The washer and dryer, for whatever reason, is here. We want to move it upstairs. I'll show you soon where. And to get rid of this whole wall, however...\nParticipant 1: Whole wall or whole closet? The whole thing. The whole closet. So the whole laundry closet, the kitchen...\nParticipant 3: There is an element here which we can't get rid of Over here, I was told that the entire building plumbing goes Through. And the electric panel is here. The electric panel. So we might need to leave some portion of it here. But the idea is to try to open the kitchen as much as we can. And I've seen another apartment similar to this, which what he did, he kept this portion for the plumbing. And here, he just leveled it, you know, like a bar for extra storage.

 A kitchen, we want to get rid of this and open the kitchen and have like an island.\nParticipant 1: So the island that is existing now, we're going to get... Anyway, we're replacing the floor, so... Yes. And create a new island in the middle.\nParticipant 3: Something like that. And basically continue the kitchen.\nParticipant 1: How far you want to go with that? You want to get up to here, up to where the island now?\nParticipant 3: That's a good question. I mean, I'm still not there yet.\nParticipant 1: I'm asking that because if we're going up to here, we're going to use the water and everything plumbing. If you want to go up to here, then there is a way to move it.\nParticipant 3: Oh, no, no. Definitely over here. So we can use it. So we're going to use that, yes. Yes, definitely over here. How far here, I don't know yet. Maybe all the way here, like along the island. And the idea is to move this dining table here. You know, figure out the design of the kitchen to get rid of the TV and just have a large open kitchen. I don't know, all the way here or part of it.\nParticipant 1: Ah, so you want to run with the kitchen closet from where they are now all the way to where it got you, to the living room. Living, dining room. And then switch. And then switch. The living room with the dining room. And then the living room would be here.\nParticipant 3: And maybe I'll put the TV on the new wall that we're going to put here. That's kind of the ideas that we're thinking about. And here, so here I have another bedroom. If we lift everything, maybe we just do a new vanity and a new...\nParticipant 1: So a new vanity, new shower. And in the bathroom, you want to replace floors also?\nParticipant 3: We'll ask the wife. She's going to come and check in. So just here for this room, only the bathroom? I think so. Oh, doors. We got to change the doors. You see, everything is like... I don't know what they use to cover the doors, but with time, it's fine. Maybe replace the doors.\nParticipant 1: So we place the door in all the apartment. And the hinge or you want to use the same hinge, the same.\nParticipant 4: Like accessories.\nParticipant 1: Accessories, hinges.\nParticipant 3: That's a good question.\nParticipant 1: I mean, the wood. But then, I mean, nice, good models, it all depends. Oh, hi. This is Rona.\nParticipant 2: Hi, nice to meet you.\nParticipant 3: I'm Eran. What's your name? So I went over, showed them how I went out in the kitchen, decorated this area, fifth room. What about Emily's room?\nParticipant 2: Let's go see it. I think that there's a lot to change there, too. So, obviously, this is an ideal, the whole...\nParticipant 3: Yeah, there's something weird here on the layout of the doors.\nParticipant 2: And not only that, I think this might be also unnecessary.\nUNKNOWN_SPEAKER: It's a closet.\nParticipant 1: Yeah, I mean, if we take out the closet, that door will be open to the end. But, yeah, I see what you are saying.\nParticipant 3: I don't know why it's done like this.\nParticipant 2: Like extra storage. And then we have this, which might be better. I don't know. It's not as comfortable.